Hi,

I (the owner) have a small business in California with myself and several employees based in CA, and one employee in New Jersey.  In California, the owner is not required to be included under the workers comp policy by state law.  

[CA WC website:](https://www.dir.ca.gov/dwc/faqs.html)

 `CA: Executive officers and directors of corporations must be included in workers’ compensation coverage, unless the corporation is fully owned by the directors and officers. If the directors and officers fully own the corporation, then they may elect to be excluded from workers’ compensation benefits.`  

In New Jersey, the owner is required to be covered.  This is not the state website but [an insurance agency](https://www.speakmanagency.com/blog/does-my-business-have-to-carry-workers-compensation-insurance-in-nj.aspx) there:

 `ALL Corporations, must purchase Workers Comp insurance in NJ. The owner(s) are considered an employee of the company and as such there is not an option to exclude them.`  

My confusion is we have had the same NJ employee and always had coverage for 10+ years with various carriers, and this is the first time a carrier is telling me this, that I'm required to be covered under my California policy even though CA law says I don't need to be.  Anyone had any experience in this, does it sound valid?  I probably can't just point a billion dollar insurance carrier to a reddit link telling them I don't need to be included, but just trying to gauge whether I should pay some lawyers to research it.   You may not need to be included on the policy.  The insurer may still demand it, for reasons that have nothing to do with state regulations. Thanks.  I've actually already called them both, California WCRIB said from their perspective we don't need it and they can't speak for New Jersey.  NJCRIB passed me around to several people and I'm still waiting on a response from them.  

Our agent is working the situation, but he tells me that they can't make the determination it's up to the carriers, and right now the NJ policy carrier is saying we do need it.  I only ask because we've used other carriers for this same employee for many years, and this is the first I've heard of it.  

I've asked for rates and yes I'm considered 8810, but our NJ employee works out of his home so very doubtful I as the owner would ever work out of his home (but that's reality and insurance companies have to operate in the theoretical what-if world I get it).  We used to have exorbitant rates and yes, we've seen them come down significantly recently, knock on wood they stay low! You have an interesting situation here as CA and NJ both maintain thier own state wc bureau and don't use NCCI.  These states like to have thier own rules a bit.  You could call The NJCRIB or the WCRIB California if you want to get an answer from the horses mouth on state requirements.


I'd bet that NJ will say that as the owner he could be working in NJ and they don't want him uninsured in that instance.



If you have an Agent, they should be sorting this out for you.  That's what they get paid for.



I'll also just say that you should just purchase the insurance from the owner.  He's likely working in the office and would be classed as such under code 8810.  It's cheap and it covers him for the possibility that he trips over a filing cabinet and breaks his leg.  Ask the insurance company how much it'll be to cover him.  I'll bet it peanuts.  Rates are dropping everywhere right now.