My best friend in the whole world started a dog boarding facility in CA about seven years ago. We met because I took my dog there around the time it opened and we've been super close ever since. 

The first few years, she put her blood sweat and tears into the place and was finally able to staff the place with people to a point where shouldn't have to be around every day in order for things to run smoothly. Last year, on New Year's Eve, (12/31/17) a dog escaped the facility and was never found. The family who owned the dog sued my friend for $10k. Emotionally and mentally, my friend barely made it through that. 

Fast forward to last week, shortly after Thanksgiving, the same staff, loses another dog. This was about 10 days ago and the dog has not been found. 

We all have been scouring the internet looking for the dog to see if anyone has reported it found or had it's chip scanned, to no avail. 

People on [NextDoor.com](https://NextDoor.com) are tearing her apart and accusations of all kinds are being thrown and I honestly don't think she'll make it past this one. 

Does anyone have any advice as to whether or not she should remain quiet and not say anything online to any social media sites, OR should she release a statement stating the facts of what happened to clear up the accusations of "selling the missing dogs" or "paying Yelp to remove bad reviews"...  

Any help is appreciated... thank you This is really bad for business. People are very emotionally attached to their animals and the main thing they want from a boarding facility is to get their dog back safely. She needs a serious evaluation of her facility, staff, and protocols to figure out why this keeps happening &amp; how to prevent it. I don't really see why this is a legal advice question. She lost the dog and the discussion about it is bringing out the complainers. She could get a lawyer to write some cease and desist letters but the damage has been done.  Consulting with a PR firm to craft the statement would probably be a good idea if she can afford it. If a dog has been lost twice under the same staff they need to be fired. I would be livid if I left my dog in the care of someone professional and I came back and it was gone. Most dog boarding places have a fenced in outside area, if they can tell where they got out from it needs to be fixed and if not she should be questioning the staff what happened. If I were her I would invest in some camera for her business. 

If she does fire them, make a public social media statement about it. She should be assuring everyone that she is doing everything she can to find the dog. 