I was pulled over while I was on my way to check myself into a psychiatric hospital last week and taken to jail. I was sober and extremely compliant. My license is under suspension for refusing a roadside test almost 2 years ago which in Colorado is a mandatory 1 year suspension of driving privilege. I am eligible for reinstatement, I just haven't made it in yet.

While being arrested, I put a couple of things on top of my car to take with me for when I got out of jail: phone, ecigarette, tablet, purse and medications - one of which is amphetamine. I wanted to make sure they knew I had LEGAL possession of it as not having the bottle last time is part of why my license was revoked in the first place. (The charge was dropped but I guess that's still being held over my head since the charge increased my bond amount and they added drug monitoring conditions.) 

The cop advised me not to take my purse with me to jail stating I would be able to leave the same day because then they wouldn't need to inventory everything in it. I opted to leave my purse. I found out this was not true, of course - I stayed 30 hours in the "mental health" wing which was really just solitary confinement. Gosh, I feel so bad for the obviously mentally unstable women there too. :/

Anyways, I watched another cop put my purse back in the car, and I asked for him to please lock it as I had my laptop and a few valuables in there. I watched while he locked it and rolled up the windows. The arresting officer drove me to jail while the other waited for the towing company, which was already enroute to pick up the car.

The car was towed by an old mechanic who usually helps with car accidents which means a lot of interaction with cops. He was friendly when my brother and I went to get the car. He told me that he was suspicious of the officer, however, because the cop went to the tow lot the next day. The cop told him that he needed back into the car to "return an item" and put it in my purse. The mechanic didn't know what the "item" was. 

The mechanic said he casually monitored what the cop was up to because he found it odd. I sincerely feel that he was an honest mechanic and he was genuine.

While I was in jail I reported a missing item which was the ecigarette. I used this to find out if what the mechanic said was true. I casually emailed the cop asking if he returned the ecigarette to my car, and he said yes - he went into my car and left it on the seat... except it is nowhere to be found in the car after searching it up and down and cleaning it out. It also is not in my purse where the mechanic said the the cop said he was leaving an "item."

**tldr; I am less concerned about finding the ecigarette and more concerned with his returning to my car and deciding to just go back into it.**  I have nothing to hide but I feel like my privacy was invaded as there was no search warrant issued, no one documenting his actions on camera and no one there to object, in doubt it was ever even reported that this happened minus the email. Were his actions actually okay? 

I am also wondering, do I have a legal right to take my medications which I am legally prescribed (have been on them for years) while awaiting my court hearing and being drug tested/ monitored?  I would but I have to be there at 8 a.m. Monday and my psych won't be in until at least 9 a.m. :/ I'll have to see if they will let her send copies after she gets in. They basically have you start on pretrial supervision the second you are released which for me was late Thursday.  Just ask her for copies. She should have no problem giving them to you.  My psychiatrist faxes them in, but I have the bottles with her information and would offer to sign a release. It wouldn't hurt to take copies of your prescription with you to your drug tests.  Thank you!!! Havent taken it since Wednesday because I've felt worried. I can answer your last question. Yes, you can take any medication that you hve an active prescription for. 