She lives in FL, I live in Ohio. Our case is in Florida. In a little over a year she moved in with this guy she knew for only a few weeks, shortly after married. Almost immediately this guy starts the classic "what took you so long? where did you go? who did you meet up with?" questions everywhere she goes. Monitors her vehicle mileage. Prevents her from earning her own money or really leaving the house at all. Makes her pay for everything using the child support I pay her before dipping into his own bank account. Doesn't give her an allowance. When told to bring him lunch at his work (which is across the street from his job, but makes her drive the 15 minutes there to pick it up and bring it in for him) he accuses her of parking in front of the business (some car shop I think?) on purpose to tempt all the men into sex as she walks past the front waiting area. It's utterly ridiculous. Calls her terrible names in front of my 3 children (ages 11, 7, 7). Has very volatile temper and is overly excessive in his "discipline" and punishment to my children who do NOT want to live with him. I remember one night she called me in secret and asked if I could calm down my 7 yo son who was sobbing heavy. He had been grounded to a chair and yelled at about what he had done off and on the entire time. Couldn't move from the chair at all the entire weekend. Only to use the bathroom. Food was brought to him. Forced to sit there, why? Because this dude's own 12 yo kid messed with the thermostat and blamed it on mine. She didn't have the courage to correct him. I told her I couldn't believe she allowed that to happen, but she just gives me the old "You don't understand what he's like. I can't just stop him, Titus, you can't stand up to him.." My son is 7. He told me he didn't want his sisters to get in trouble and that's why he took the blame.  

&amp;#x200B;

I have witnessed my ex go from a confident and generally happy woman to a self-deprecating shell of a thing who doesn't feel worth anything or deserving of better. You guys know the classic abuse and abuse victim I'm talking about here. Anyways, she has had enough, calls me in fear and in tears to help her get out of her situation. I convince her to come up here to Ohio. Pay for her travel expenses. Help get her a job, start working with her on getting her back on her feet. Divorce paperwork for her relationship is drafted... and then his promises of "oh, I'll change. I'm so sorry. I'm truly sorry. It will never happen again" blah blah blah start pouring in. She's convinced. The kids do NOT want to leave after being able to see me regularly. More importantly though, they do NOT want to go back to HIM. When they first got here they literally cheered when she told them they'd never have to see him again. But they do go back.

&amp;#x200B;

Almost immediately she dumps her social media accounts for a joint profile with the guy, blocks me and my entire family, changes her phone number, the whole 9 yards. She gives up total control in the faith that things will get better. Fast forward about 4 months she calls me in tears again. She's left him again. He was even worse than before, she said. More name calling, more nasty to my kids, more controlling. He forced her to trade in her fully owned car to a dealer so he could get a new SUV in his name. Forced her to give up everything she owned but clothes. She has nothing.

&amp;#x200B;

So, she moves into her grandparent's/mom's house. Promises the children they will never have to see him again, they cheer about it and tell me about how they're back at grandma's and everything is so much more peaceful and my kids are starting to be happy again.  I get her phone number, can talk to the kids whenever I want, she makes a new facebook profile, I can finally see pictures she posts of my babies.

&amp;#x200B;

A month later, today about an hour ago, she calls me to inform me that he's changed, they're going to go to counseling, he's truly sorry and feels so bad about what he's done, he's a changed man... She's convinced...

&amp;#x200B;

So, PLEASE, is there anything I can do to stop this from happening??? Can I somehow gain custodial guardianship of my children? My family AND her family want to prevent the children from ending up under that dude's roof again. [removed] [removed] Please file for emergency custody. Move back to Florida if you have to. Please save your children from an abusive monster in their home. 


The Florida State Bar Association will refer you to custody attorneys for free or low cost initial consultations. Having the consultations over the phone should be fine. They will discuss options, costs and timeframes with you. 


Choose the one you click with best and get moving on this. Ask them whether they think you have enough to call CPS. 


Your children are being abused. His children are being abused. Your coparent is being abused. 


THE ONLY PEOPLE you can directly protect and help in this situation are your children, and then possibly his kids and your coparent will be able to get help too. 


Please start the ball rolling asap.  [removed] My husband went through this with his ex. We now have full custody of his three girls. 

We are in Australia and probably could have done things differently, but we went on the advice of the police and make a report to DOCS (Australian CPS) after each incident, for more then a year. It was torturous... the girls begging us not to return them at the end of each custody period is something I’ll never forget. We were informed it would work eventually, and in a WAY it did, because her boyfriend got sick of DOCS keeping tabs on them and made her give us the girls full time, and then they moved. My husband then pushed to formalise full custody in court, and she never showed up. Bam. Full custody forever. She still threatens to come back for them half heartedly, but she’s busy raising her step children (her boyfriends children) while he serves a sentence in jail, and they are quite a handful for her. So that’s that. 

I realise this isn’t a legal strategy, but my advice from experiences is to report everything that warrants reporting, and wait. I know how hard that is. There’s a special place in hell for those who don’t put their children first. NAL but have experience in a womens shelter. Try and get her to seek counselling at a womens shelter at the same time as the (useless) one with the abuser. they may have more luck in giving her the strength to leave. a lot of the time you don't necessarily have to be staying at the shelter to receive counselling. You can call this hotline for info about shelters, support groups, and basically everything else so that they direct you to the right place for your ex. 1-800-500-1119 (florida hotline). they may also be able to help you get resources.   
Also, I can't imagine how upsetting this is for you. don't forget that you can't do all the work for her. follow all the lawyers advice about custody to ensure the safety of your children, but the best thing you can do for her is let her know that you support her whenever she is ready to leave (custody can get messy so it may be VERY hard to still feel this way at the end of the battles but shell always be your kids mom so if a relationship can be rebuilt that's the best ) [removed] What everyone else said plus...try and convince her to leave the kids with her mom for..lets  say..90 days.  Tell her it's so she and her spouse can do counseling and work on the marriage without the stress of kids.  And while that's happening, get all your ducks in a row so you can sue for full custody.  You need to document EVERYTHING, record if legal or video. You need to get back into family court and go for custody. He's abusive. 

Call the cops if you think anything like the chair incident is going on. It doesn't have to be a 'beating'. Your kids are old enough to speak up in court as well as your ex mother in law. [removed] I agree. Call Department of Children and Families and report the abuse to your children. And call a lawyer. 

http://www.myflfamilies.com/service-programs/abuse-hotline/report-online This is honestly the best advice for your situation. This guy sounds at minimum controlling, however what we hear happening is usually only the tip of the iceberg. I work in CPS as an investigator and unfortunately this is not uncommon. The most important step to start off with is gathering information. Speak with your ex's mother and grandmother to get their side of the story. Consider getting a background check completed on your ex's husband. Record phone calls and save emails. 

I would also look into the specifics of your custody agreement. Does it have any stipulations of the home being free of violence? This might be another issues that could be brought up in court.

I would also encourage you to file a report with CPS in FL and encourage your ex's family to do the same if/when they have concerns. You're not going to be able to do anything about the guy she's with, but there are things you can do to help your children. I understand how you feel. I had to move out of my mother's house and I have almost no contact with her because her boyfriend is a (literally) delusional and abusive dirtbag. I hope that you can figure out a way to help keep your kids safe! You can't help her, but you might be able to help your kids.

I would see if you can get a lawyer to file an emergency motion for custody in FL, or at least a restraining order to prevent your ex-wife's husband from having contact with your kids.  Hopefully she's told enough people details of the abuse over time that even if she recants you'll be able to make a case.  Your kids are old enough that their testimony can be taken into account, but you have to assume that your former wife and her husband will deny everything, so you need as much supporting evidence as possible.

What's your relationship with your ex's mother and grandmother? Do they know the details of the abuse? Will they support you in getting the kids out of the house? People need to start making CPS reports, and the more people who do it, the better.

Do you have any kind of partial custody or visitation with the kids? If she is blocking your court-ordered access to the children, that's also something that could be brought up in court. Start recording these calls, and get a PI/lawyer to look into this guy.  If he has a record of violence then that makes this a smidge easier.  Either way you need proof, and a ton of it. NAL, but upvoting for visibility because my heart goes out to you.

Unprofessional advice, but as a child of a divorce in which there was at least one point legal drama: You need documentation of anything and everything. Do not file anything without a slew of evidence to ensure a legal victory, because anything drawn out and visible to the kids can be traumatic. This dude sounds dangerous and you need to protect yourself from him as well, so be prepared to file for a restraining order.  You could have your lawyer file for full custody.