 Obviously I’m not responding to any criticism if I don’t want to. This stems from a conversation I had with my Dad. He basically said that art and entertainment aren’t really business, and nobody needs them so it doesn’t help to gripe about struggling in life wanting to be an artist. But he is in town this week and wants to get together. He doesn’t need to see me though. So, let’s say I offer him an hourly rate to talk to me. How can I legally arrange that? Why you latest comment re: Trump no visible, no see comment, me no see new comment.  Pls don’t delete this, I’m going to need a chuckle later.  Haha. Wow, so the people running America are so judgmental and smug that they slip little jabs in here and there when responding online? You have any idea what leadership is? Youre really shifting the conversation here but Ill flow with it because I like chatting with you. I believe in the United States. I think there are some flaws to the national structure and its something my friends and I are working on. I think its filled with fun little ironies, like how Ted Cruz, of all people, is the only person in recent memory to try to get term limits in congress. I think its horrific that everybody is concerned with foreign influence on social media when a single American named David Brock literally has bought out entire subreddits among other entities on various other social media platforms and pretty much none of the average voter base has heard of him. I do trust a majority of the system, because its made up of our most talented and our family/friends and they answer to the voters. Truthfully, and somewhat off subject, the only thing that scares me about our government is unbridled mob rule. Ive met directorial staff of the NRO, I shook hands with presidential candidates, I lived a couple houses down from a Navy Admiral. Things arent as bad a some people would like them to seem, at the end of the day our government is pretty much just us. The nice thing about the US is I dont need to hope that the system works. If it doesnt we the people will suck it up and make a new system. Its one of the coolest things about America is the middle and working class that is armed, educated, and independent. Just want to add a little bit more here to explain. The stability you worship comes from the formation of nations. You are wrapped up in a security blanket that comes only from a constitution and the people who believe in it. So, you talk about investments and whatnot while your vote as an American (assuming here) has the power to decide who has their finger on the big red button that launches Armageddon. And, even if you aren’t American, we live in a nuclear age where someone you have no power to elect or not could be crazy enough to launch that bomb based on a whim. As for effort. I’m not an idiot. I’m in a trade union, currently laid off.  Truly I think you are willingly ignorant. A wannabe beatnik born just out of Kerouacs reach. I think you are scared of effort, and I think you are disgusted that others might offer greater insight to the world than your own person. I think the idea of rebellion gives you a feeling of validity in a world you barely understand, because you have rejected actually living it. But I dont know you. Cheers. If they want me at thanksgiving, they can pay me to come. The woman in question was my mother. She has had me arrested and committed for doing what I could to patiently help her. So, what this boils down to is madness. Lots of artists are considered mad. My father, on the other hand, believes in Jesus Christ but is willing to consider me insane for seeing the world differently. You call me guy, like this is a game and we are nothing but strangers, but I know that “mental health” is something that all Americans think about or are impacted by. Do you even begin to get it now?  I think there is a difference between being able to walk away from a one time incident where someone rejected your help, and having someone you love who you interact with on a regular basis refusing life advice, possibly out of pride. We arent racing against each other guy, so many people get this idea in their head, we all just "wound up here" and should try to make the best of it. Your dad doesnt think the art thing is working out, and if you disagree with him thats fine. If you disagree with my perspective thats fine too. You do what you want to with your limited time here, but there are solid patterns of behavior that lead to outcomes you would deem ideal, and they might not be congruent with your current lifestyle. That aside, I have to say I thought you were a 17 year old girl based on what you were trying to do in your OP. If you dont like the guy just cut him off. Youre going to turn yourself into a funny story at Thanksgiving that you dont get invited to if you follow through with it. I attempted to help someone out just today. I didn’t become short at all. I did what I could to patiently allow her to see something that I saw. It didn’t work, so I ended up leaving. Imagine that was you. Everywhere you go, you see people being short with you, and you find you have the patience to deal with them. (Online, not so much. I hit hard if someone comes at me hard. Because it is written word.) Would you think of yourself as different or special? Lastly, I should point out. I specifically, point blank, asked my Dad where he got his ideas about life. I asked him what he was living for, and where he got his confidence from. He basically said, “I just wound up here.” So, what is the point of that? Can you, stranger, express to me what is the point of this “stability” that you value? Except that it gives you a kind of smug satisfaction. Enough so that you can attempt to degrade my view of the world from time to time.  So this conversation will escape the legal requirements of this subreddit so this post may be deleted along with our other comments but: Personally I see a successful career in art as solely belonging to either the wealthy elite, a tiny few people who happen to be selected as pawns by larger financial entities, or the once every 5 years miracle. I dont think that art is a safe investment, I dont think it offers a median return thats appropriate for someone trying to make a living off of it. Just the other day a friend of mine was recruiting for an entry level gig in MN. She wanted to hire 40 people at 65k in Minnesota and they needed no college degree, just some basic working knowledge of Microsoft Excel. I see that as a safe bet. You get in with a company, making decent money, you use that experience to leverage your worth into a better job after a year or so, and you keep moving. You get benefits, retirement, security, and reliable income. I dont see this with art. I see low payouts, unreliable income, and no foundation for future professional advancement. Out of all the artists I know, and I know ALOT, the most successful all come from extremely privileged households. Families that can afford to life them up when they falter. I could be wrong, there could be more to life than security and stability, but I see it as a safe bet. Many others see it this way to. I can understand a father being frustrated with their child for refusing to see the big picture. In your 30s you are preparing yourself for your retirement. 30 - 50 are the most productive and financially lucrative years of your life. I can understand a father being concerned with a child who doesnt quite see whats coming. That hitting the age of 55 without a sizeable 401k, IRA, or other nestegg; it could be frustrating to watch someone knowing the likelihood of struggle they are willingly setting themselves up for. That frustration can quickly turn into hurtful communication. Imagine a time in your life where you tried to help someone out of a jam you had seen before, and they denied you help, worse they hated you for offering help. It might be easy to be short with them and be hostile. I dont understand your situation OP, but it sounds like a story I have seen before. But you still don’t get the point? Why would I want to hang out with people who talk to me like that unless they pay me? If my family treats me the same way, then... they pretty much want me to be poor because they enjoy it, no? Okay I genuinely laughed at this haha Haha. I should charge you to talk to me like that.  A little introspection can be a good thing. Not many people are 36 years old and posting on r/foreveralonedating and rebelling against their father like they were 14. Best of luck OP.  Not my problem.  I have a soft spot for the well being of other people and seeing them make pointless and avoidable mistakes frustrates me. How could my behavior frustrate you unless I was intentionally or unintentionally withholding something you needed? Im frustrated at your behavior but unfortunately the rules of this subreddit forbid me from telling you what I truly think of your plan outside of: I think this is a poor idea. I think alienating family members, even if you think they deserve some-sort of karmic justice for an imagined slight against you, is a matter of bad policy. I think its especially low class to attempt to turn it into some sort of legal showdown. I think your father will take your contract, throw it in a paper shredder, and cut you off from his support and others who support you seeing this awful display will also withdraw their support. I see you being a starving artist with no family support until ideally you hit some sort of rock bottom and come to realize that your family are pretty much the only people in this world that will unconditionally love you save for someone you eventually call your partner. Best of luck OP!  Good grief, do people talk to lawyers like this? “Hey, dbag, how much to put you on retainer?” It wouldnt even need to be written up if we want to get into the technical side of things. Basically a contract that says "DogmaDog, being a massive dbag, has agreed to perform a service period possibly including but not limited to: General Consulting, Performance Art, and Drinking Coffee. The allotted service period is for 2 hours on DATE and will be paid for at an hourly rate of DOLLARSIGN for the entire duration, to be rounded up to the next complete hour. This service period has no guarantees and is non refundable regardless of outcome unless DogmaDog is unable to be present for the duration of service." And then somewhere you can demand payment up front or specify a payment date. If you arent paid you file in small claims for breach of contract and a judge may side with you although they will be pissed at you. If you charge someone for it, yeah.  Well, for tax purposes? Can the government recognize my time as a service just because I say it is? What do you mean?  But what I’m asking is, can a contract even cover a nebulous idea such as “1 hour of my time.” Is it a feasible business, legally? You dont need to, sole proprietorships and contracts engaging private parties dont need any other entity. If the contract is voided, and not just shoved in the trash, you can pursue him in small claims court for breach of contract assuming your damages are within the scope of small claims. You will need the other party to agree to the contract for it to be valid. You tell him how much you're going to charge. He agrees or he doesn't. You then get together with him or you don't. And you'll both prove your point (I guess) and also sort of be a douche. For what? How do I establish the entity receiving the income? You ask for payment upfront. 