I currently work in a high-level position that does not allow me to take a full week off because there is nobody that can completely do my job while I am away (the main part is payroll, so there’s no waiting until I’m back) as I have not been able to pass along all of the knowledge. I haven’t been able to take a full week off without working since I started more than 8 years ago due to this fact. My boss, the CEO, believes that I've done this intentionally for job security (which I have not.)

My wife was diagnosed with a mental health issue in high school, had medication that made things worse for years after discontinuing it but has been managing ok until recently. She hasn’t been to a psychiatrist since high school for reasons she’d rather not discuss. My employer has been allowing me to work from home to spend more time taking care of my wife (I don’t think he felt he had much of a choice but to let me do what I felt I needed to do). It’s been about 3.5 months and the issues have not been getting better, sometimes getting worse. During this time, I came to the realization that I’ve been dealing with depression and anxiety myself and had my first appointment with a therapist on Monday. 

Last week we had a particularly bad day that was made worse by the pressures and time constraints of my job and being unable to just stop and take the time to deal with the situation. Once I was done with payroll and sent it off, I finally had time to deal with the situation and realized how bad it really was, I was terrified of what would happen if I hadn’t gotten the payroll done early that day.

A few hours later I texted my employer that someone would have to learn how to do my job because I needed to take time off next week, I didn’t know what else to do and that I don’t know if I would be able to return. I meant to say “if/when”, but I was rather emotional at that point. He said “so you’re telling me you quit?”, I said “I don’t want to make a promise that I can’t keep, but I feel that I’ll be able to help once things have gotten better. I basically want to take some time off but I don’t know when I would be able to return” he said, “So that’s a yes, you quit and you’re not giving me 2 weeks?”. At this point I called him and told him that I didn’t know what else to do, I didn’t feel that I had a choice and I just need to focus on our health. He still insisted that I was quitting and told me to give him all the company passwords and things like that the next day. I realize now that it’s better for them if I quit so that I can’t collect unemployment. I called back later once I was less emotional and set it up to where I would come into the office and spend the entire day training someone and told him I would try to help out the following week (this week) as much as I could. 

I know this was not the best way to handle the situation, but I felt desperate and didn’t know what else to do. I’ve brought up the idea of taking a leave of absence before (which my employer agreed with, but knew was impossible while I was handling payroll), but the company doesn't qualify for FMLA, my employer had talked about getting the time-sensitive jobs off of me and to hire me as a consultant instead so that I can focus on our health without having to go by a dedicated schedule, but also has not been completed yet. Last week he moved a second person over to help with getting the payroll off my plate. I expected that it would take more than a month to completely finish the training process and had started planning everything out. 

Here’s the TL;DR: Basically I have a job that nobody else at the company is fully trained to do, I needed to take time off to focus on my wife’s health (and my own) and I gave my boss an ultimatum that he took as me quitting, can I collect unemployment? That's correct, the company has less than 50 employees.  Have you considered FMLA before simply quitting?  Do you have any sick time or PTO banked?


**Do not** give them a letter of resignation. Depending on your location and on your company’s policies, they may be be able to fire you for missing a couple days of work but you will likely still be able to file for unemployment.  You do not have to help them fire you.   Send a very clear written statement and keep a copy.  Email would be perfect.   

In that letter, state that it's not your intention to quit, but that you need to take an extended leave of absence to take care of your wife.   Give them as many details as you can about that leave - if you can come in two afternoons per week and complete payroll, or something like that, offer it.   If you can commit to a 'worst case scenario' return date (i.e. - guarantee I'll be back in a month, but hope it's less than that!) say so.  If you can complete training a temporary replacement in a timely way, offer it.  End by asking what they need from you at a bare minimum, to be able to continue working there, addressing your needs and theirs as well.   

That's all you can do, really.   I wouldn't give them the resignation they're asking for....  but if they don't agree to work with you on schedule - refusing to come to work is plenty of cause for them to terminate you, anyway, and terminated for cause isn't much better than voluntary resignation, in unemployment terms.   

Do you have any guaranteed vacation time, and is there a procedure for using it?  I'm going to guess it's a 'must be approved' sort of policy, but if you can prove that they truly made that time unusable by you, but not for everyone else, that's the start of something to talk about.  In an unemployment hearing they will look at the totality of the circumstance, so if they've treated you unfairly, that helps.   That said, if you're just the stereotypical 'small business bookkeeper' who's made up their own system from scratch that doesn't make sense to anyone else, and it's really your OWN fault that nobody else knows how to keep the wheels turning for a couple of weeks...  that weakens your claim there. We shouldn't always trust the OP's to know their stuff, but he DID say that the company didn't qualify for FMLA (plus there's only one person who knows how to do payroll?), so I assume it fails the 50 employee test. I disagree. For small businesses, large unemployment claims can be costly. They may have wanted this guy gone, but he wasn't bad enough to fire and have to deal with the cost of the claim.  [removed] FMLA is 12 weeks, again unpaid, leave in a rolling 12 month period, iirc.  If there are more than 50 employees at this company within 75 miles, this should apply since OP has been there for more than a year.  IANAL but this is something that should be looked into Not legal advice but has your wife considered checking into a mental health facility? Or at least outpatient care? This is an untenable situation and your employer accommodated you by letting you work from home. Most employers would not agree to that. I know your wife doesn't want to see a psychiatrist but her problems appear to be well beyond self help territory. I'm glad you are getting professional help but it's time she get some help as well. There are very few jobs you will be able to hold that are okay with you working from home and taking time off with zero notice with no return date, even with FMLA, which you can only qualify for if you've worked somewhere a full year. Again, this is an untenable situation and I hope you both find the help you need. &gt;but the company doesn't qualify for FMLA You can try and get unemployment as someone else suggested; however, the state requires that you work until work is no longer available to you, so I wouldn't hold your breath. I had a very similar situation myself and it did not work out in my favor. Mental health could be something you could take an extended period for. I would say go for a specific time, figure it out as you go. My insurance will let me take several weeks beyond my vacation to care for immediate family with medical issues.  It’s a bit of paperwork, but better than just quitting.  [deleted] The fact that there is a CEO might indicate that this is a large company.  Have you looked into using the Family Medical Leave act?  I think you get up to six weeks off (unpaid, but I know in CA this can be paid through short term disability).  
 I doubt they said you were quitting because they didn't want to pay unemployment. Their concern was probably much more basic: without a firm return date they would have no way to know how to fill your position. If you could commit to a month, they could hire a contractor. If it's going to be a year, they probably want to just hire someone full-time. Your request for an open-ended LoA wasn't really reasonable; most employers would not be ready and able to grant such a request.

So unfortunately I think you can reasonably be said to have quit. That doesn't mean you won't win on appeal, because plenty of people win on appeal even with cases that seem low on the merits. Yeah, you're right about that. I would probably feel the same way, but he continued that line of thought after I further explained too. You lose nothing by applying.  Your first entry will be denied, but you are intended to appeal if your employer fights.

Based on what you have said, I would also interpret that conversation as you quitting without notice.  "I'm going to stop coming in" is more or less the language you used.