Hi all,

A friend of mine was at kohls messing around. He was filming youtube videos and messing with customers. He was just trying to have a good time and entertain people. He told me that it was hard to tell if he made people uncomfortable as lot of people laughed with him. As he left the store,  a security gaurd tells him to leave and said if he comes back they would detain him and hand him over to the police. He tried to convince loss prevention that he would blur them out and the security said that he was "interfering with business". Is there anyone who works in security at any department or retail store. I think this could be a scare tactic because I did some research on the rights of private security. It only talks about detaining if there is a "shoplifter" or if there was a "crime" being commited. I have seen many youtube videos of Loss prevention detaining people over "intercom pranks".  If they were to detain him, what would the police have done if it was not a crime?

&amp;#x200B;

&amp;#x200B; Sure they can. Your friend is trespassing, which is illegal. Hope he gets what he has coming to him. Location is critical here.  In some jurisdictions, store security can detain you.  In others they can not.

What they can do, is ban you from the store.  Video recording in that store is likely not illegal (again, depends on jurisdiction), meaning the police can't arrest you for it.  However, the store can kick you out and tell you not to come back.  If you ignore this, then you are trespassing (which is illegal), and the police can arrest you for that. Regardless of whatever he was doing, the store has a right to ban him unless it's for discriminatory reasons (Kohl's can't institute a no blacks allowed policy, or kick someone out because they're gay). It sounds like that's what they did, and if you're banned and return, it's trespassing. They can (and will) detain and give you to cops if you're trespassing. Your friend has been told that he is not welcome.  If he enters again it will be trespassing which is a crime.  

Which your research indicates is a valid reason for them to hold your friend until the police arrive.  

So yes.   Note that it is not the pranks that are the crime.  It is the coming back after being told to leave and never come back that is the crime.    The pranks are enough reason for the store to trespass you from the premises. Maybe your friend should find better things to "have fun and entertain himself" than acting like a dumbfuck in public. Maybe start with finding some manners and learning to respect private property and personal space.  What do you mean not a crime? They told him to leave and he didn't leave. That's trespassing.  Depending on what he was doing to "mess with customers" that might have also been assault. People have enough stress in their life they don't deserve some idiot with a camera  making it worse. [removed] Trespassing is a crime.