to keep it short so I don't feel like shit, I lost my normal life. I found out a few weeks ago my fiance was cheating with a co-worker of hers so I called things off immediately. Over our relationship, I've given her many gifts but I want the major ones back. I gave her very expensive earrings during the beginning stages of our relationship. I gave her a nice watch for her birthday and a new car as a present for graduating. She told me the school issued limited tickets per student, so she would have to prioritize her parents first. It turns out she lied and did not graduate, she did not even have half the credits needed. I also proposed to her with an expensive engagement ring after her graduation, now she's done this to me. I just want it all back but she's saying she is entitled to these things as they were "gifts" and we can work things out still. I cannot talk to her anymore as she won't reason or negotiate, she just "wants to make things right again" I do not want to work things out and I am getting close to hiring a lawyer, what do I do? what are my rights? We don't live together and we are not married, just engaged and no children together or anything of the sort (I hope) Here is the briefest of summaries. BC's property law on conditional gifts is apparently in line with other Common Law jurisdictions. https://family.findlaw.ca/article/what-happens-if-an-engagement-is-broken

I don't have Westlaw for Canada.  [deleted] Depends on the amount. Consultations are usually free. I'd have to know your province.  [deleted] Okay, you might be able to get it back then.  [deleted] The car was a gift. There were no expectations yet to be performed, so it was not conditional. If you had said "Here's a car, it's yours when you graduate." then it would be a conditional gift. 

The engagement ring, you can probably get back. That was a conditional gift and even though you're breaking it off, she created the failure of the engagement.  [deleted] You cannot claw back something you gave gratuitously. All you have a hope of getting back is the ring because the condition of marriage was there from the outset. That might vary by province. 