Hi all, this is kinda long and may be a bit confusing but I’ll answer all questions I can, I just need advice as to what to do. 

On the first of November, at aprox. 2:30-3ish, I was crossing from one parking lot to another across a four lane road to go to a doctors appointment. I checked and the road was clear so I exited the parking lot and crossed the road in my vehicle. 

Whilst in the 4th lane, nose of my car in the parking lot, I was hit by a car that came out of nowhere with tags from TN, (this is an important detail). 

Immediately I stop and move my car slightly so not to block traffic as this man gets out of his car and begins to flip out. Was a general jackass while I was about in hysterics in my car due to it 
A. Being my first wreck 
B. Having anxiety disorders I was having a panic attack. 

I call my parents after the man says he’s calling the police (I was 18, just about to turn 19) to come help me and all that. 

Police come, do a write up, no fault was assigned at the scene, other guy speeds off with his wife and three kids once the officer is done. 

I look at the report I was given and this guy has no insurance. A HUGE red flag because in North Carolina you have to have insurance. 

This is where the TN tag comes into play. There’s a con a lot of people do where they have a PO box in TN and go to the DMV there and get tags so it is said that they live in TN, not NC. This guy had a North Carolina drivers license, NC address, and TN tags so he didn’t have to have insurance. 

So I was in a wreck with a man with no car insurance, which was already bad. 

I recently received a letter, dated Nov. 14th from a local “injury firm” informing me I’m being sued. This is one of those “rent-a-lawyers” who advertise on TV about being injured in a wreck and how they’ll get you money, yada yada. 

Insurance has investigated, but, unsurprisingly, the guy I was in a wreck with refuses to have his car seen by an adjuster, using the lawyer on his behalf to tell my insurance no. 

In the letter he is claiming that ALL FIVE WERE HURT when it was just one of the front corners of his vehicle that hit mine. 

Unfortunately, the insurance will likely rule that it was indeed my fault because the man did have a right-away, despite the fact we suspect he was speeding. 

My question is this. 

Should I be getting a lawyer encase this guy keeps pushing this? If so, do I have any grounds to sue him back for him not having insurance?

I’m honestly scared shitless over this and I am just in need of some advice.

I can upload a shitty diagram that shows how the wreck happened if that will help. Thank you so much for reading and any answers are appreciated.  Okay, thank you. I just wanted to explore all of my options. It sucks that I’m SOL, though. :/  I believe North Carolina prevents you from collecting damages from the other party if you share any responsibility in the accident. Given that you failed to yield you are at minimum 50% at fault for the accident, even if they technically hit you. You won’t be successful in suing the other party.

You cannot sue somebody just for not having insurance, that’s a criminal matter and an issue for the police.

Your insurer will defend you up until they pay out your policy’s liability limit. This is what you pay them to do. Adjusters handle claims like this every single day. Unless your liability limits are extremely low, you have nothing except higher insurance rates to worry about.  No. He is suing you. He's not suing your insurance company. Your insurance company is simply defending you when/if you get sued  Im sorry. For some reason I read it that you hit him, as in you were at fault. You can sue him for your damages to your car but you'll likely never be able to collect. Best to let your insurance handle it if you have collision or UMPD. You have no standing to sue him for driving without insurance. He can drive around for years with no insurance and as long as he doesn't hit you, then he has caused you no monetary damages. You can only sue for the actual damages to your vehicle and injuries if you suffered any.  Damages to my car, and driving without insurance in a state where it’s required by law to have it. He is a resident here with no insurance which is illegal. What damages would you "sue him back" for ? Thank you. That’s part of what’s so confusing. 

Do I have any recourse to sue the man back?  Legally, he is suing you, but your insurance company will defend you (and pay out if you lose). That is what you are paying them for. No he's not suing the insurance. You never sue the insurance. 

This is exactly why you have insurance. Yes. The insurance knows. The insurance company was the one who informed US that he is suing. Technically he is suing the insurance being as how I have no assets or anything to sue for.  Have you informed *your* insurance that the man is taking legal action against you?