Family friends of ours. New first time landlords 

Had a college kid move upstairs a business they own

College kid worked for a friend of theirs

Lease agreement was done by word of mouth and a handshake

Kid hasn't paid rent in 6 months

Disrespectful towards owners. Not answering phone calls and avoiding them IRL

Owners are nice, quite people. Non-confrontational and let this go on for too long.

&amp;#x200B;

Does this kid have any rights as a tenant, or can they kick him out during the winter months with little to no notice? [removed] [removed] you need to do a legal eviction. the fact that you've let this go on now for six months says you have no idea what you're doing here.. maybe hire professional now  Agree but any written lease is better than no written lease tbf Shoot I'm Indiana and the landlord here, if you don't pay rent the day its due (weekly) you're on the street that day. I've seen her kick many to the street like this. No leases. Cops don't care. They say she has the rights to. Court Judge says same thing.

We are trying to save to move out asap.  Some states are even easier than that if there is no documentation of the lease agreement. I'm successfully kicking my roommate out on a 3-day notice (no written agreement, was just letting her live here while she saved money, wasn't asking her to pay anything for rent or utilities). She didn't decide to fight it when I notified her, but if she had, it still would have a lot less time to deal with that. They have no rights under a contract signed lease, that would be acceptable, but they do have rights under a verbal agreement as well. If you provide a eviction notice, or terms to vacate, they must be within the limits of law. 15 to 30 day's, no exception to weather condition's or seasonal changes. That only applies within a signed contract, or lease. Sure.

"Cash for keys" is a thing (or "rent forgiveness for keys" in this situation).  Be sure to get it all in writing in order to establish that the kid is leaving voluntarily and not being kicked out.  It's all going to come down to whether or not the kid agrees to do it -- the kid is under no legal obligation to agree to a deal like that (understanding that it may be in the kid's best interest to accept that deal anyway).

Basically, you're asking if it's ok for the tenant and landlord to strike a mutual deal that they both agree to that ends up with the kid moving out voluntarily.  Agreements/deals like that are generally legal. Any chance they can propose the following: 
- kid moves out voluntarily and ASAP.
- your friends take the loss of 6 months of rent instead of trying to recover it somehow.
- kid moves out and will not have a mark of unpaid rents behind him, your friends don’t need to seek further legal assistance and won’t need to deal with his sorry ass ever again. For some states, that could be the case. Wisconsin however, [is not one of those states](https://madison.com/wsj/business/wisconsin-utilities-can-turn-the-lights-off-on-delinquent-customers/article_515ec6bb-29b0-53af-9a93-97856ce1e133.html). I only brought up the ban on shutting off utilities to explain why OP was asking about whether eviction during the winter was legal. Since there's a ban on cutting utilities in the winter months, I can see how OP made the jump to that rule applying to evictions as well.  Anyone can request a welfare check of someone they can’t get in contact with. I'm sure there are. OP specifically stated this case was occurring in Wisconsin, which is why I referenced its winter moratorium on shutting off heat/power.   Afaik, Alaska is the only state that restricts when you can evict, and that only applies to individuals renting mobile homes. Wisconsin has no such restriction. I live in Madison as a college student and all the property management companies and landlords I’ve signed with use the same exact lease. Using that one would be much better than having a verbal agreement if a lawyer’s too much of a hassle for OPs friends. Not a lawyer but worked in leasing and property management. They have no lease. 4 corner policy when it comes to leasing disputes in court or so we’re always advised in training. 

More question than advice, if he has no lease then technically does it even constitute as tenancy? What’s stopping landlord from just kicking him out for overstaying welcome/trespassing if he doesn’t leave? Can tenant dispute wrongful eviction if he hasn’t paid rent, communicated on intent to pay rent and there’s no lease?  Generally you can’t shut off utilities no matter the season, but I can see how it could be criminal instead of civil in places with extreme cold.  :(  It says he's just been rude/blowing them off. Being a dick isn't something that requires a welfare check. Again, unless there's some other factor, a welfare check would likely accomplish nothing but waste time.

The landlords need to just work on evicting the tenant and hopefully recovering the unpaid rent. Hes been unresponsive for 6 months.  It could be a legit crisis I AM NOT a lawyer.

&amp;#x200B;

Depending on the state, you typically need to provide 30 days notice that you are "terminating the lease". Most states recognize verbal agreements as being on a month-to-month lease. There generally are laws to protect the landlord and the occupant. So look up a termination of lease template, print it, sign it, and post it on their door and take photos of it to prove you provided it.  


30 days passes, the prick still isn't gone. Then you take them to court. Judge issues hard move-out day. Say... 20 days.  


20 more days pass. Call Sheriff and they will forcefully remove him from property. Not sure about belongings.  


&amp;#x200B; [deleted] Problem with "free ones on the internet" is that you don't know who wrote them.

You should consult a lawyer in your jurisdiction to draw up the lease. A lot of states that get hit hard by winter have rules about shutting off heat/power.  They certainly can be harassment if abused.

There's not enough info in the post to make that call. Unless there's some information that indicates the tenant is potentially a danger to themselves or something, there's no point to it. Welfare checks are completely legal and not harassment  Varies by state, but if tenant shows up during the eviction proceeding, the landlord may ask the judge for money judgement. If that fails, small claims court is your best bet. I'm not sure why you think the season has anything to do with this. As far as I know, courts are open all 12 months of the year in every state. Wisconsin has [a ban](https://madison.com/wsj/business/state-ban-on-utility-disconnections-for-winter-starts-thursday/article_e450889a-237d-11e2-9f9b-0019bb2963f4.html) on turning off heat/electricity during the winter months for unpaid bills. I forget the details for it, but I think it was passed after someone froze to death from having utilities shut off during winter due to unpaid bills. Since the situation takes place in Wisconsin, OP probably wanted to make sure there weren't any other laws similar for eviction during winter months.

edit: \*takes place The seasons have nothing to do with evictions.  Is there a particular reason you’re asking this?   First step is to serve the tenant with a 5 Day Quit or Pay Notice. You can find versions of this notice online by googling it. Include the entire balance owed on the notice. It does not matter that you do not have a written lease. You need to go through this process. This notice can be posted on the door to the apartment. A copy can also be emailed to the tenant, but best practice is to always post the notice on the apartment door.

If the tenant does not pay after the 5 days have expired you can now file in court for eviction. It costs $114.50 to file for eviction in Dane County. Dane County has also switched to E-filing, so you will most likely have to create on online account first. You will need to call the clerk of circuit courts eviction scheduling line to first schedule the eviction before filing the paperwork online. Keep in mind when you pick the date, the Summons and Complaint form you will fill out will need to served by a 3rd party at least 8 business days before the eviction hearing date. Once you have the date picked out, fill out the paperwork (Summons and Complaint, Declaration of Non Military Service, and a copy of 5 Day Notice) and e-file it. Then make sure you have a 3rd party hand deliver and mail the summons and complaint form to the tenant to serve them. They will have to efile and affidavit saying they did so. 

After this, if the tenant still has not paid, you will meet in court on the date selected. This is only an initial hearing and you really have 2 options at this hearing. Option 1 would be the landlord and tenant come to a stipulated agreement for either a payment plan to stay in the residence or and agreement to vacate by a specific date. Option 2 is if you can't come to an agreement a trial date will be set. This date is usually a couple weeks out.

If you end up at Option 2 and go to trial and win (which you would if the tenant has not paid rent) then the tenant can either voluntarily move out or you can purchase a writ, which ends with the Sheriff removing the tenant from the apartment. Most tenants would vacate or come up with a payment plan well before this, but that is worst case scenario. 

I went a little long with the writeup, but that is the process you need to follow for an eviction in Madison. Time of year does not matter. It does not matter that it is winter, if the tenant is not paying you can file. I should include that I am not a lawyer.  As far as I'm aware, we (WI landlord here) can evict year round. However, the Tenant Resource Center would be a great site for you to check out. I think I remember reading an article about this there. 

Also, is suggest getting a lawyer, they are invaluable in these situations and can hook you up with a great lease. The cost is well worth it.  Just feels like harassment to me, absent some other indication.  He has made zero contact, he’s not paying rent, in all honesty he could be in some crisis. Realistic? Probably not, but it would almost in a way force him to reach out to the landlord in order to make contact. &gt; better yet have the police show up as a “welfare check”

Why? Thanks for the info I really appreciate it.  Once they go through this process with the courthouse, can the eviction take place during winter months or do they have to wait until April? [This walks you through the entire process.](http://www.tenantresourcecenter.org/eviction)

Always do a lease.    You can find free ones on the internet. Yes, they will need to show what the agreed upon amount had been. If he'd ever paid rent, hopefully there's a paper trail there - checks, or deposits if it was cash. Self-help evictions are illegal year-round. You must go through the courts, regardless of the season.

Give the kid notice to pay or quit, specifying the amount outstanding and the date by which they must pay (generally five days from the date of notice). Keep a dated copy for your records. If (when) the kid doesn't magically cough up six months' rent in five days, go to your county courthouse and ask for the paperwork to file for eviction.

You can generally include a complaint for the back rent in the eviction suit. If not, then you can sue for it separately in small claims. You have to Evict, it will take 3 months.  The family friend of theirs is the former boss of the kid, but I believe they are going to contact his parents anyway. Yes, the landlord can sue him in small claims court for the unpaid rent owed. Thank you for the response. Without a signed lease, would it be possible to recoup any money through the legal system? Pardon my ignorance, I dont know anything about this kind of stuff Sorry, updated the OP. 

&amp;#x200B;

Location: Madison, WI [removed] &gt;Does this kid have any rights as a tenant

Yes, kid has all tenant's rights.

&gt;can they kick him out during the winter months with little to no notice?

They can serve him notice to vacate, or notify him and file for a formal eviction with the courts for non-payment of rent.

They cannot kick him out on a whim or deny him access to his home.  Kid is entitled to notice and/or a formal eviction proceeding.

Landlord-tenant law varies from place to place so the exact eviction procedure and/or amount of notice will depend on what state you're located in. State/Location is important.  
However generally they need to formally evict according to specific laws which vary by state or even city. The owners would have to follow the eviction process for whatever location you're in.