My good friend, Sam, rents with three other girls in an old, Victorian style house (lots of wood). They are throwing a party this weekend and one of the girls told them she was going to invite her people she knew who are "professional fire twirlers" to preform. Sam, being sane, thought the idea was a joke, but the other girls all agreed it was a great idea. Sam pointed out that they should ask the landlord first (assuming he'd shut it down), but the roommates all told her they "didn't think it was necessary". Sam basically let it go after that. 

&amp;#x200B;

Is there anything she can do legally protect herself in the event something goes wrong and damage is done to the property? Should she report this to her landlord or just let them go through with it? I would hate to see her end up liable when this was not her idea and she was very much against it. *Insurance quote per month Safe to assume you'll be at this party?

Regardless of what happens with phone calls ahead of time, maje are you have Sam's address handy on your phone (or better yet - memorized), keep your wits about you that evening, and make sure you're phone is fully charged.  If anybody starts pulling out torches, step outside, call 911 and ask that the fire department be sent.  They'll shut it down as unsafe.  Better to call *before* the house is on fire.  (Cost of rebuilding house + lodging for 4 for a year) x 150% = Insurance Quote [deleted] Call the landlord and inform them of the plan. DO NOT let them perform indoors! To think that the others thought that this was a good idea is simply retarded! 

“Hey, do y’all want to play with fire inside an old wooden house?”

“Oh my god yes! That’s a great idea!” 

Can’t wait to hear about this on the news...  I know it sounds harsh, but common sense dictates it is better to piss off your roommates then to potentially die in an accident that would be worthy of a Darwin Award. I wish you luck convincing her Ouch. She knows this is a horrible idea, but is terminally polite. I'm calling her tonight to encourage her to bring this up with the LL or push back on her roommates again. Fingers crossed! Title says "in" their old, Victorian style house. She should call the landlord, and maybe the fire marshall. Good to know. I feel like the more paperwork she can intimidate them with the better. So the roommates hired untrained amateurs to throw fire inside a wood house? Ya the LL is gonna love that If Sam is unwilling to call the LL then I would say 0/4 Based on this sample size: 1 in 4 people have common sense. Well when she texted me about it she used quotations around the words, professional fire twirlers, which is even more disturbing. Though it would explain why they don't see an issue with doing this. Because common sense isn't common It is possible that they’re gonna be performing outside? Not that you wouldn’t still want to contact LL in case you start another wildfire but I don’t see where it was specifically said that they’d be inside.  Insurance policies generally don’t cover large parties/bounce houses/people waving fire by default. To cover such an event you’d request a rider that provides additional coverage for the date of the event for a fee.  True, or more likely says "are you stupid?!?!? we can't cover that!!!" I can't believe the trained performers would agree to this!! Bottom line, the best way to limit her liability and to protect her property and safety is for this ill-advised performance to not occur. She needs to call the LL if she can't talk her roommates out of it. Alternatively, she may be able to call the performers and tell them she lives there too and that they cannot perform there. That may work, but best scenario is to call the LL. IANAL Event rider? I was shocked it was suggested too, these girls are in their mid-twenties. How can they possibly be so lacking in common sense? Well, it would involve a second reality check as the insurance provider quotes them eleventy billion dollars to cover this dumb thing.  I agree. Unfortunately, Sam, is nice to a fault and doesn't want to cause friction. I can't believe anyone would even be dumb enough to suggest fire throwers in a 200 year old wooden house, but hey, it takes all types I guess. Step 2 will probably be unnecessary because there is no way LL will allow open flames like this INSIDE the home. Frankly I am shocked trained performers would be willing to do this type of performance inside a home. Contact LL. 

Call renters insurance policy provider and request an event rider.  I rarely suggest diming people out but in this case, yeah, call the landlord and snitch Please call the landlord. She may not end up with legal culpability, but it's not worth losing her possessions and maybe life over something this dumb Call the landlord now lest they accidentally (negligently) burn the place down with Sam's belongings (and possibly Sam) inside.