Wife is leaving her husband of 2.5 years.  No fault divorce.  Her family purchased the couple a home a month after they married.  It is titled in both of their names, and was always presented as a gift.  Now, the wife is claiming the money for the house was a loan.  She claims her family has a history of signing promissory notes when money is given to the younger generation for things like houses so that the older generation can avoid paying estate taxes for gifting.  She has presented a promissory note on the marital property, showing that she owes back the money for the house purchase.  The promissory note is not secured with a lien on the property, it is an "on-demand note", she has not yet made any payments, and she has admitted to her husband that it was signed approximately 2 years after the initial home purchase during a trip she took back home, after discussing divorce with him.  She argues that the court will hold the husband liable for half of the note because it will be marital debt.  She further argues that the court will view the note as legitimate because her family has a history of precedence using promissory notes for home purchases to the younger generation, thus the fact that it was signed 2 years after the home purchase will not matter.  Is there anyway that the court would hold the husband liable for the demand promissory note?  Would it be classified as marital debt?  Could it affect his property award in divorce in any way? Get a lawyer and do not listen to anything coming from the other side except to document her statements.


You have her admission that the note was not obtained until 2 years later, while she was considering divorce, as well as her admission that her extended family frequently violates federal tax law...


A good lawyer is going to be very helpful here. The husband should stop listening to his soon-to-be-ex-wife in terms of what the courts will or won't do, hire his own divorce attorney, and allow that attorney to guide him through the process and advise him on what's possible and what's not, and what the courts are likely to do and not do. 1.  Don’t take legal advice from your wife.

2.  Get your own lawyer.