I left my phone in an Uber and noticed about 2 minutes after and immediately tried to call it with my friends phone hoping the uber who just drove off would answer it and I could tell him. I would have reported a lost item however I have 2 factor authentication turned on so I couldn't log into Uber via my friend's phone. I used find my Samsung and tracked the driver to a nearby parking lot and started ringing the phone again. While doing this He turned my phone off so I could no longer track it! I have a password to turn off cellular and power but he obviously knew a way to bypass it. So me and my friend ran to the parking lot where it was last located and I banged on the window and told him I left my phone in his car. Then he says "This phone?" acting kind of confused. I said yes and take it back. When I wake up in the morning I notice uber charged me a 15 dollar lost item fee as well, which is bonkers (I got a refund for that). But what can I do. Do you think his goal was to take it or was he just trying to get his lost item fee. I never reported a lost item so Uber drivers can just charge that whenever they want by the way. Some other notes: He fumbled around with it for a bit. He denied my 2 factor authentication logins and took a few screenshots which were displaying the phone as lost.  So you’re complaining that the system worked exactly how it should?   No, I messaged them about what happened and all I got was a message from PayPal stating Uber has issued me a refund.  They do.  That is kind of one of the major draws of the app. So you're angry he refused to answer a phone that wasn't his and had the absolute cheek to turn off  said phone that kept ringing when he was driving? 

You have zero proof he was trying to steal it vs making sure he wasn't distracted whilst driving.

Don't try to get the guy sacked because you weren't able to look after your property. No you should not go to the police.

 Yeah I did that and that's how I got my refund. The problem with Uber is everyone is a bot. There's no number to call, no human ever responds to you. So I don't think anyone actually read what I said about the driver or what he did.  &gt;My question is should I go to the police for someone tampering with my phone? I don't think this guy should be an Uber driver.

My question is should I go to the police for someone tampering with my phone? I don't think this guy should be an Uber driver. You can report a "trip issue" through the Uber app and outline your experience with that driver. So you got your phone back?  What exactly is your question here? I agree. Disaster averted. I just wish Uber had a system to report drivers who have bad intentions.  I dont think there is much you can do.  You got your phone back, got your $15 refunded, what else is there?  Leave him a bad review...