I hardly knew this person, and I had no idea he was secretly recording us having sex in his bedroom. He posted it online and it has a TON of views. Is there anything I can legally do to have this post removed? Is there any kind of laws he is breaking by recording me in a private setting unknowingly having sexual intercourse? This is good advice, and I would also recommend maybe to first contact the attorney and have them help you file the police report.  [removed] [removed] Well i mean there's always a first time. So id say the chances are higher. Either way yeah report to the police [removed] [removed] As others have said, this is a criminal offense and this idiot could go to jail. If he's made any ad revenue off of this video you have a good chance of being awarded some or all of that in a civil case (in additional to damages). You should sue him regardless of revenue from the video but if there's revenue you have a better chance of actually collecting anything. Oh absolutely. I just want the OP to have a realistic expectation. If OP gets it removed from that site, good! But I want OP to have a realistic expectations and realize that it could pop up on several websites over the years.  Yes, it's nearly impossible to remove things from the internet, but you can remove it from places that are easily accessed or known about. [removed] Is there audio in the recording?  If so, then (in addition to the advice others have given you), this guy also committed a violation of Penal Code 632 (wiretapping/eavesdropping).   That's up to a $10K fine and a year in jail (On top of the pornography issues).  
 [deleted] Porn sites allow you to take it down, you just need to report it Do the world a favor and refrain from indulging your immature inner child. For fuck’s sake. 

Comment removed, pendejo.  [removed] [removed] [removed] [removed] Asshole [removed] [deleted] [removed] NAL

Create an archive link of the video URL. Your date will delete it. This preserves evidence for your lawyer and the police.

Yes computer forensics can find these items after deletion but why not just have it available immediately? From what I've heard, you are correct.

They remove stuff pretty sharpish.

At the end of the day these companies are most reputable businesses and want to stay in a good light.  [removed] [removed] [removed] [removed] Don't you fucking dare.  Comment removed.   [removed] [removed] Another reason you should get the police involved here: there's a 0% chance that you're the only person he's done this to. To truely erase, sure probably not gonna happen, but if on a mainstream site they have interest in obeying police orders not getting into legal troubles, and can most likely remove it from there pretty quickly.

OP can probably get it at least removed from the majority of prying eyes though. [removed] The police can gather this evidence from the sites even if they're taken down. Even without a subpeona, many of the larger sites are fairly open in working against sex crimes / nonconsensual pornography. This largely again comes down to the site in question, so non-immediate removal is absolutely worth considering for seedier/less reputable sites. However the potential darker side of the answer is many times the people who run those seedier sites don't necessarily want to lose videos that would otherwise be deleted. But I digress/speculate...

That being said, the reason I suggested removal so quickly is because if this hasn't proliferated yet, a day or two is plenty of time for it to happen. Unfortunately if it was a site like pornhub it's already been scraped and redestributed; there are systems that snag videos from the "Big 3" (xvids, youp, phub) on an hourly basis. However, knocking out a video with 400k views is vastly a larger hit to the video's survivability vs a redistribution with say 1000 views. While in theory things on the internet last "forever", we really do see media largely disappear with time. Anything from porn from 20 years ago to doctor who episodes from the 60s. I'd say this advice is correct, but in the wrong order.   OP needs to contact the police and if considering a civil suit, consult an attorney BEFORE trying to get the video taken down.   Both of those court proceedings will require certain evidence, so you want the police to get what they need, and to collect whatever your attorney tells you to collect for documentation BEFORE it gets taken down.

With the more reputable sites (the hub you mentioned) you probably could get the evidence after the fact...  but with many video hosting sites operating shadily and/or overseas...  there's no guarantee that a subpoena would get you what you need.  Better to let the experts document the situation first, even if it means leaving it up another day or two.   Thank you; correction made.  Not a lawyer.

Depending on the timetable, the very first thing you want to do is go after removal, and you'll want to do this as soon as possible. The longer the video is up, the more likely it will be redistributed; at 400k views you may already be too late as there are mirror/clone sites for many porn sites.

On the off-chance it's pornhub (likely based on stats, replace 
"hub" with pornhub and yes, it's a "safe for work" link in that it's text only): https://www.hub.com/content-removal . They're much more active in removing nonconsensual or revenge porn links and I believe their policy in such a claim is remove first, review, and then consider whether it's appropriate to re-add the video (unless that's changed).

For other sites some of them have links or just plain emails you send in. I (or I'm sure others) can gather them if you have a specific site in mind, but don't link to the actual video here.

Following that up you'll need to speak to police, many of the departments in CA have sex and cyber crimes offices so you'll want to get in touch with one of them. *Even with the video being taken down, you can still provide the police with a URL to the video*. These sites usually don't permanently delete such things right away, they tend to be soft deleted / hidden from public view; If you'd like to feel extra secure however you can make a screenshot involving a critical frame of the video with the URL.

An earlier poster mentioned the civil side of the issue, you'll want an attorney based in either cyber/internet civil suits or revenge porn specifically, they both exist in CA but you can search around or ask the state Bar for a referral. I can't speak to monetary damages for this but depending on how much this guy has been doing this, you can also bring the Civil suit through a pseudonym in this case (Jane Doe). (Psssst, that's Civil code § 1708.85, not 1808) [removed] Okay. First and foremost, file a police report. That also means you need to provide a URL or copy of the video, as it is evidence. The URL is best because it shows that the video was publicly published. Try to get connected with a detective right away, preferably one in the sex crimes or cyber crimes divisions, if your local law enforcement has those. This goes down as a sex crime for most law enforcement agencies. 

Second, contact the victim advocate in your jurisdiction. The police should have contact info for you. Some work with police, others work with prosecutors. They are social workers and can connect you with services. Importantly, a good one will push for you if the police or prosecutors drag their feet.

Finally, dont expect this to get the video deleted from the internet. You need to go into this process with reasonable expectations. What this person did is illegal and a felony, but things on the internet are nearly impossible to get rid of. I am sorry this happened to you.

If you have more specific questions, I'll be happy to answer them. Your first step should be filing a report. Save all copies of messages and contacts. Do not contact the suspect yet. The police may have you do a pretext call or text conversation with this person.  California has stringent laws about nonconsensual pornography, and posting that recording was a criminal act ( California Penal Code  § 647(j)(4)(A), distribution of a private image) and a civil wrong (California Civil Code  § ~~1808.85~~ *1708.85*), which means you can sue him and possibly obtain a court order for removal of the image, monetary damages, and attorney's fees.

Start by filing a police report, then look around for a civil attorney who can investigate the options for suing him. That attorney can also recommend whether you are likely to have success with a copyright takedown demand or similar actions against the site hosting the video. (Major sites such as Facebook or YouTube will remove it; some half-assed website in some third-world country is not such a good bet.) [removed] He’s breaking so many laws. Contact a lawyer and the police ASAP  Sadly, once it’s on the internet, it’s nearly impossible to remove. You should be able to sue him though for recording you without your knowledge. Talk to a lawyer for more info on that. 