Almost 3 weeks ago, a stranger robbed me and attempted to rape me in Madrid.

&amp;#x200B;

He stole my phone and passport along with attempting to undress me and put his hands inside my pants. I was wearing a belt and he struggled to take it off before he was spooked and ran. So far the police have asked me to select him from a photo line up and again from a physical line up. I was able to pick him out both times. I then had to testify in front of a judge and his lawyer. I decided to press charges purely to stop him from doing this with another woman. Ideally, I would forget it happened and move on with my life. After doing the physical line up Im still pretty shook up. I dont want to have to go through a trial where my integrity is questioned but I feel I have to as a responsibility to others. 

&amp;#x200B;

I can barely afford my rent, or groceries. Nevermind a private lawyer. Im wondering if the better option is to avail of the court appointed lawyer or allow the prosecuter to take over? I know the bare minimum about court proceedings and have no idea what is the better option. This is what my translator has explained to me so far. Do I need a solicitor?

&amp;#x200B;

Sorry if this is all over the place, I cant gather any kind of thoughts together lately. I hadnt thought of contacting the embassy thank you so much for this advice.  The UK government has a very helpful pdf guide for the process of reporting sexual assault in Spain, most of it is not UK specific, so it may be helpful to you. I was just reading through it and found this:

After making your statement, you may be asked to go to the court to reconfirm or ratify your statement before a judge and prosecutor. If you are leaving Spain in the next few days you may be asked to go to court immediately after making your report to the police or if you intend to stay in Spain, you may be asked to reconfirm your report at a later date. In any case you will be provided with an interpreter. **You will not be expected to meet, coincide or speak to the suspected assailant at the court or at the police station.**

At the time of ratifiying your statement, you will again be provided with information on your rights and in particular the right to appoint a lawyer to represent you or to have a state-appointed lawyer appointed for you instead. (Please note the latter is means-tested and depends on your income). **You will also be informed of the right to apply for free legal assistance and of the right to apply for financial aid to help cover costs such as treatment for psychological and physical injuries.**"

https://assets.publishing.service.gov.uk/government/uploads/system/uploads/attachment_data/file/681588/Madrid.pdf Ok so i looked through a few of your old posts (hope that's ok) and you said you were Irish. 

Here's how the Irish embassy  can help you after a sexual assault abroad

"What we can do

We can help you to deal with the local police and medical authorities, and put you in touch with a local, English-speaking lawyer.

We can contact your family and help with arrangements for you to go back to Ireland, if that’s what you want.

We can try to put you in contact with counselling services in the country where the incident took place. If that’s not possible, we can assist you to access an Irish counselling service.

 

What we can’t do

We can’t book or pay for flights.

We can’t formally recommend, or pay for, lawyers or legal advice.

We can’t investigate the crime.

We can’t represent you in court."

Source: https://www.dfa.ie/travel/assistance-abroad/victim-of-crime/
 What country are you from? Have you contacted your embassy for help?