Im posting here as it was recommended from r/pets. Hey Reddit, using a throwaway account. I had flown from Dallas last Wednesday to El Paso to visit my sick grandmother at the hospital. She has since passed away and today is her burial. I just got a call from the pet boarding place which is also a veterinarian place. They just called me 15 minutes ago telling me that my pomeranian tripped over her water bowl and then went limp. They say that she ruptured a disc in her spine and is now unable to walk. Prior to this she had no issues at all, shes tiny and could jump on top of our bed, couch, Im finding it hard to believe she got hurt over her water bowl. They called asking for my authorization to take her to a specialist who would also do the surgery, but said we were looking at upwards of $5k. With all the expenses we've had to pay for my grandmas funeral were pretty much drained. If anyone can help out with advice on what I should do. Does the vet/boarding have insurance for these things. My mind isn't clear cause in 4 hours we have the burial. Thank you for any input. This sounds like it might also belong in a r/legaladvice

I would ask if they gave security footage of the boarding area and can prove how your dog was injured. What kind of liability paperwork did you sign when you boarded her?

Even if she’s frail, even for a small breed, the circumstances sound more like she could have been harmed in a way they do not wish to admit to. 
That kind of injury, causing paralysis and not just temporary discomfort, especially if your dog is usually very active and has no trouble moving or has not had prior injuries similar; this sounds more like it was caused by your dog falling out of a stacked kennel, or off a table, possibly even an injury that could have resulted from being thrown or kicked.

It just does not sound like the story they gave you is plausible. I would pursue this and seek third party consultation on the extent of her injuries. 

I would also contact your insurance company, animals are considered personal property and there may be something on your insurance that applies to property damage caused by a third party? It’s worth a phone call at least?  [deleted] That is still a facts issue which means based on what hes saying we cant tell that, and its still something where you would recover after they do the surgery.  This happened to my Dachshunds two years ago. She was running around outside one minute and then lying there whimpering the next. I didn’t realize it could happen to other types of dogs! I thought it was just a dachshunds back issue thing. 5k out of nowhere was impossible for us, especially for a surgery that might not work, so we ended up having to put her down. We were told by our vet that the quality of life they are able to have after the surgery is very poor, but that might have been just to make us feel better... [removed] Liability is to cover something that goes wrong due to you.  For example if you're careless and open a door into/onto a small dog causing injury.  Providing a water bowl is not negligent in any way and pomeranians in general are prone to this condition.  

Pomeranians have a genetic predisposition to this condition.

It's usually advised not to let your pom jump on and off furniture because it can cause this condition.  There is every chance that the jumping on and off furniture the pom does when at home with OP stressed their back, with the trip over the water bowl being the final straw rather than the sole cause.

My best guess is Genetic predisposition -&gt; Stressed back for jumping on and off furniture -&gt; The straw that broke the Pom's back.

I partially ruptured a ligament as a teen when I caught a basketball, I'd severely stressed it in the preceding weeks and my PE teacher didn't take my complaints of pain seriously.  A lot of the time, the injury that pushes something over the edge is relatively minor. There was a dog in vet school that died because an acorn fell on his head. He had an open fontanelle and straight up died. It only takes an acorn!  you can pretty easily tell if a dog had back surgery (shaved in several spots, sutures, on pain medicine, will still have trouble walking) and if a dog ruptured a disk you should not be just sort of waiting around, it needs surgery asap I agree, but it happened "on their watch" so to speak, and obviously the owner was not going to be happy about it. So I'd kind of expect them to offer a discount as a way to.... well discourage OP from trying to sue them over something that's not their fault. 
And yup, I did acknowledge that the referral isn't going to offer any sort of discount, nor should they be expected to.  [deleted] [deleted] i think i'd ask for them to send you a short video of her to check that she's really paralyzed like they're saying. Wrong account.  Just in case you care about the throwaway. This dog is likely congenitally predisposed. How is the vet to be expected to cover something that is not their fault whatsoever. You've already gotten free exam from them to determine they be sent over to the specialist. The specialist isn't going to discount their services and the vet should not be expected to pay for it no more than they should be expected to pay for a torn cranial cruciate (acl).  Agree with this poster. My boss's dog had three slipped disk surgeries and one happened as her dog turned to lick her own rear end. That's it. Also, the MRI (which most specialists will do) will confirm the diagnosis of a slipped disk. If it shows up to be anything else, they'll let you know because it will need different treatment. And then you can go over potential causes at that point. So not old, but I have heard of this happening to younger dogs too. It happened to a friend’s dog when she was just four-ish. Apparently the “trauma” that starts it can just be normal play, and something goes awry. 

I think it’d be hard to confirm otherwise, but if you no longer trust them and are able to get your pup transferred to a pet hospital nearby that’s not a crazy thing to do. Do know, though, that time is likely of the essence (the surgery is more effective when done quickly). They’ll do an MRI first to confirm the diagnosis, then once they can see the disc and the dog is already under anesthesia, they’ll perform the surgery.

I’m sorry this happened, I know firsthand it’s really scary. Recovery will take some time but younger pups tend to bounce back more quickly, and in normal cases there’s an excellent prognosis for these kinds of injuries. [deleted] I think he’s saying that if they do the “surgery” before OP gets back from the funeral, they can pass it off as the dog breaking its back, then fake having fixed it, and be $5k richer. I was going to ask how old the dog is—apparently this becomes more common as dogs age, just like people.

This happened to my older dog and it was apropos of nothing. Literally went from fine to lame in his back legs. It was terrifying, but it is possible the vet did nothing wrong. Since youre asking what is normal for vets to do when boarding id try r/askvet im not really sure what the legal issue is here, your dog is injured and needs surgery. theres no like legal claim unless you think they were negligent or intentionally harmed your pet. and even then theres not enough facts for any of this info and youd br getting money back after the fact, not in time to get surgery for your dog who is in pain. 

do you think he does not, in fact, have a ruptured disk? So you're saying the vets somehow induced a slipped disc, then referred to a different vets to get it fixed, as a scam?

There are a huge number of holes in that story.  Firstly - I'm sorry this happened to your dog, you must be going through such a tough time right now.

Sadly slipped discs can happen at any point after any kind of tumble or movement. Am a vet, and I have seen a fair number of slipped discs. 

You can't induce a slipped disc through negligence, nor could they have cared for her better or in some way prevented this. 

A friend of mine (who is a vet) recently paid for his own dog to be referred for surgery after she got a slipped disc - otherwise healthy doberman who suddenly became paralyzed while getting out of her dog bed one morning.

It's possible they might have some kind of insurance, but I doubt they'd be liable as it's not something they caused. Although it is worth noting that a disk hernia is different to a broken back. it's likely that the dog had an un-diagnosed disc disease before this and unfortunately the trauma of the fall was the straw that broke the camels back Idk, I've heard of a puppy breaking its neck tripping over a tiny garden step so it's definitely within the realms of possibility.
I'd kind of except the vets to discount treatment ect just as a good will gesture, but in this case it sounds like the dog needs to be referred and a referral centre won't take this on for free so...  NAL and none of this is relevant to the question being asked (at least not yet), but one of my sister's small dogs broke her back after tripping over her other smaller dog. I would still be really suspicious if my dog suddenly couldn't walk after tripping over a water bowl as well, but I would no longer just dismiss it. Hopefully they have cameras. 

If this can't be taken care of quickly, perhaps Care Credit is an option for the time being?  NAL - that sounds fishy.. wouldn’t they have to carry liability insurance for animals hurt while under their care?  Almost sounds like a “ta-da, your dog can walk again!” scam - just how reputable is this place? I find it really hard to believe she just fell over her water bowl and got paralyzed. NAL, but I am a pet owner. My dog literally catapults himself all over the place. His favorite thing is to jump from our couches and try to get on top of the table in the living room. He’s not much bigger than a Pomeranian, and he’ll get up like nothing happened when he falls. 

I would definitely question this, see if they fill out any paperwork when a dog gets hurt and ask to look over it. If they have cameras, even better. 