My dental insurance covered all but $63 of a procedure I had done over the summer. A bill for those charges was sent to my house but addressed to my stepfather (who the insurance is through). He opened it, tossed it and didn’t tell me until the third time they sent a bill. I refuse to pay for anything like that over the phone, so I called them and asked them to change the financial responsibility to me and send a new, accurate bill through the mail. They said that’s fine and it wouldn’t be referred to collections as I hadn’t actually gotten a bill. This was 2 months ago and I have yet to receive a bill, but I have received several text messages from an unknown number rudely reminding me that I owe them this money. I’m now getting calls from a collection agency about it, but I still have not seen anything on paper and I know they have my address correct.

Do I have any recourse here? I’ve had accounts go to collections before but I’ve always gotten a bill first. Call the collection agency and explain to them what's going on. Ask them to send you an itemized bill to your correct address and pay that bill. The dentist office no longer owns your debt you owe them nothing you now owe the collection agency and contrary to popular belief they're normally more than willing to work with you on any issues That’s the thing, I don’t have a bill. All I have is texts from my stepfather and the receptionist and 4 phone calls. I went into more detail in another comment but I won’t pay this office over the phone due to past issues and they tell me a different amount every time I ask. I have no issue paying the bill, I just need a statement before I can do so. Just pay the bill so they don't run it through your credit Thanks! Having a bill handled by a collection agent isn’t a loss that you’ve suffered that would indicate any kind of recourse. Your dentist can designate any agent he wishes in handling his receivables. 

The involvement of the agent doesn’t change the nature of the debt. If you still need an itemized statement you should still seek one. And obviously you should arrange to pay your rightful debt if there is one.  I believe you, and it's unfortunate you're in this spot.

Start by calling dentist office with whatever record you have of the procedure or your billing or your patient number, and verify with them whether or not they currently hold your debt.

If they do, I'd strongly encourage you to make time to appear and person and settle it in the next week or two, or appear in person and agree upon a payment plan that'll avoid collections.  They may be sympathetic given its the holidays and budgets get tight.  Whatever happens, do what you can to avoid the collections.

If collections keeps calling you, tell them you need them to verify the debt and then just hang up.  It's possible this is just a third party the Dentist uses for payments without it actually being a collection agency that they've sold the debt to. I was told that it would not be sent to collections until 6 months had passed, and that clock was supposed to have restarted when I was made aware of the charges 2 months ago. My identity was stolen by a former receptionist at this office which is why I was uncomfortable giving them my credit card details over the phone. I also have not been given the same dollar amount every time I asked. At first it was $63 even, then $62.50, then $64, then $61.20. I have no problem paying the debt, I would just rather pay the dentist than a collections agency, and I’d like a paper bill for my own records.

Also their website explicitly states that patients will receive paper bills for all financial transactions. Given you acknowledge you owe this money, is there a reason why you need to have a bill in hand perfectly suited to your expectations in order to pay this?

Take care of your debt, or you get sent to collections.