So, back in July I was watching TV at home when the police knocked on the door and arrested me with two charges: harassment and child abuse. After spending the weekend in jail and being released on PR bond for not having any criminal history, I found out that my ex-wife had gone to the sheriff in the county (in Colorado) and had given a report about how verbally abusive I am (not physically or sexually abuse). Without any investigation, the detective pressed charges for harassment and child abuse, took it to court, and the county court set a warrant for my arrest. This was on a Wednesday and they waited until Friday to arrest me so that I would spend at least the weekend in jail. Later on, I found out via lawyers and therapists that this is a common practice: to wait until Friday to arrests dads so they spend the weekend in jail before they can get a bond hearing.

After three months of litigation my lawyer did not want to go to trial and we accepted a plea bargain: a deferred sentence on one misdemeanor charge on child abuse. The DA dismissed the harassment charge and any DV charge. The terms of the deferred sentence are very easy: one year unsupervised and family therapy with my two girls (9 and 12 years old).

And just last week, their mom, my ex, tells them she is leaving for California to be with her family until January, leaving the girls alone with me. I asked my lawyer if this makes any sense: she accuses me of child abuse and then leaves, and the girls are with me full-time now, all within weeks. If I was such an abusive dad, why is she leaving the girls with me alone for over a month? It does not make sense. My lawyer said that since I accepted the plea bargain and the deferred sentence, that it is almost impossible to reopen the case, and that my ex leaving the girls with me for more than a month does not really say much in terms of the charges against me for child abuse.

The DA at the county was a mean woman and she took upon herself to prosecute me. They didn’t have any real evidence against me but I am a large heterosexual man and I am an immigrant too, and it would have been very easy for her to paint me as a bad man with anger issues to a local jury of 6 people in a Colorado rural area. 

The legal system is broken and I hate to say it, but I think we men are not as protected as women in family court or criminal court on family issues. It is messed up. The detective did not conduct an investigation when my ex talked to him. He just listened to her side of the story, believed her, and the county pressed charges against me and arrested me without even asking me for my side of the story. In fact, I was never able to tell my side of the story because as my lawyers said: “your ex is not on trial; you are”. 

All it takes is for a women to go to the police, say something against a man, and even if it is a lie, the legal system activates a protocol to have the man charged, arrested, and if you get a DA with daddy issues, you are screwed for good. 

I never did anything, I was never caught doing anything, I was never asked or interviewed by the court. I was interviewed twice by the county’s DHS and they wrote a report saying that the accusations were inconclusive and they could not find evidence of abuse. Still, the DA would not dismiss the case. Basically, my ex went to the police, told them a bunch of lies, they believed her, and after a weekend in jail, three months of pre-trials, and about $20k in lawyers fees I will be completing a deferred sentence that tells me to go to family therapy, which is insignificant and really reveals that nobody believed I was abusive. Moreover, my ex leaving the state and leaving the girls alone with me proves, in my opinion, that she doesn’t even believe I am abusive to my girls, otherwise she wouldn’t leave them alone with me. But there is nothing I can do about it now.

In summary, the legal system is so bad in Colorado. Police detectives and DAs get away with criminal behavior. They are corrupted and they do whatever they want. And recent federal legislation makes it almost impossible to prosecute them or to prosecute the municipality. They are so protected and they know it, and they get to do whatever they want. It is sad and I can’t wait to raise my kids and when they are old enough, I will go back to my country to retire and be with my family. My American dream has turned into an American nightmare!