Location: Ohio, USA

Back story: I'm 17 currently. I received a computer for Christmas a couple years back from my parents. I've upgraded it over time with my own money however the majority of the components are original. I'd now like to sell the entire rig. 

&amp;#x200B;

Questions

1) Can I sell it even if my parents say no? 

2) Can my parents take my computer away even though it was gifted to me? 

I ask because I figure that it is mine because it was a gift.

&amp;#x200B;

Note: I'm not really looking for the morality of the situations. Just asking if anyone has any ideas what the law says as I can't find anything.

I appreciate all input though! Someone literally just gave it to me on this post lmao. Obviously it does exist.  [removed] The reason nobody is giving you the "evidence" you are asking for is that you may as well be asking for the law that states the sky is blue: i.e. it doesn't exist. As you have been repeatedly told laws only dictate what is illegal so anything that is not against the law is therefore legal. You are asking for proof for what they are claiming but the proof is that there is no law against it where you live. [removed] [removed] I appreciate your thoroughness! Thanks a million!  The OP asks (admittedly annoyingly, but with some justification) for a citation to actual laws.  
Here we go:

&amp;#x200B;

First, in Ohio, a minor may hold title to both real and personal property. Real property ownership for minors is discussed in Kenwood Savings and Loan Association v. Williams, 220 N.E.2d 582 (Ohio Ct. C.P. 1966). Personal property for minors received by transfer or gift (like, say, a computer) is valid, but the property is subject to the control of the minor's custodian or guardian. See, as an example, the Ohio Transfers to Minors Act, ORC § 5814.02, which provides that a custodian over age 18, or a trust, must be available for such transfers or gifts.

  
So the short answer is: under Ohio law, you own the computer, but your parents are the custodians and can make decisions about how, where, when, and why the computer is used for your benefit, until you are 18. In making these decisions, they owe you what's called a "fiduciary duty:" their decisions must be made for your benefit, and not their own.  


Of course, they get to decide what constitutes a benefit for you.

&amp;#x200B; You seem to be under the common misapprehension that law is like a computer program, with everything clearly defined and consistent.  It is not even close.  If you truly want to understand why you have no property rights, you need to understand that our legal system is based on a series of layers, not all of which are codified.  Here is a short, simplified overview.

There are three primary ways laws are made. Statutes are passed by legislators (or voters), which is what we generally think of when we talk about passing laws.  Constitutional provisions are created when state constitutions are first drafted, or later by amendments.  Precedents are set by courts interpreting laws, and their interpretations are considered valid unless challenged ('case law' or 'common law').  Notably, case law precedents are not recorded as part of the state laws, and are difficult to track.

There is a further layer that makes things even more difficult.  When a new legal system is needed (for example when the US declared independence), it is quite difficult and time consuming to try to codify every law you need from scratch.  Instead, the founders of the US opted to start with English common law as a basis, and override it where needed.  English common law is not a set of statutes, but rather the sum of precedents created by English courts going back to the 11th century.  The key point is that those early decisions were often based on local culture, not on codified statutes.

Why do we follow English common law?  Because every state in the US (except Louisiana, which we won't discuss) has "received" English common law as the basis of it's legal system, either by statute, provision, or precedent.

A large part of what Lawyers (and Judges) do is working through this mess.

So, you want to know why you have no property rights.  The immediate answer you're getting is that you are a minor, but there is no codified law that says that minors have no property rights, which is frustrating.  So let's work our way through the layers:

* Back in Norman England in the 1100s, Judges made the decision, based on the culture of the time, that anyone under 21 was more or less property of their parents.  Well, property of their father specifically, but that's not relevant.  They had no rights except what their parents granted them.
* Over the next several hundred years, Judges were faced with cases questioning exactly what this meant, and they refined and enhanced the concept.  This included giving parents the responsibility to care for minors, making parents responsible for liabilities (ie property damage) caused by minors, giving minors the ability to disaffirm contracts, and later taking away minors ability to disaffirm contracts for necessities.  All of this was understood to be part of English common law.
* In 1776, the US declared independence.
* In 1795 the Territory of Ohio passed a statute formalizing their reliance on English common law.
* In 1803 Ohio was granted statehood.
* In 1805, Ohio passed a statute re-enacting the territorial statute recognizing English common law.
* In 1806, Ohio repealed said statute.  You'll like this one.  They repealed it in part because "few people in Ohio had access to the old English statutes".
* In 1817, since the legislature didn't replace the common law with anything useful, Judges in Ohio started to incorporate English common law into their decisions more and more.  The Ohio Supreme Court eventually ruled that the English Common Law had always been in effect, except portions that were overridden (notably, any crime codified in Ohio statutes overrode the common law definitions.)
* Throughout the 19th and 20th centuries, Ohio builds up case law strengthening the concept of minors not having property rights, largely in the context of property of minors counting as marital property during divorce and child support decisions.
* In 1974, in response to complaints that it was unfair to draft minors, Ohio (along with most of the country) changes its age of majority to 18, overriding the common law definition of 21 years old.
* And finally, in 2018, your parents ground you and take away your computer, and you have no legal recourse whatsoever. [removed] [removed] [removed] [removed] [removed] [removed] That's because there is no question about it. Minors are under their parents' control. You can be annoying all you want but it doesn't change reality. I think you’re misunderstanding what people are saying. The need to cite property ownership laws won’t be helpful to you because they apply to legal adults (18+). As a child you may have the right to an item by which you came into possession by gift, but as parents, they may exercise their custodial control (because they are your legal guardians) of your property. That’s what people mean by “punishing you” - if you choose to sell your computer, without their consent, you increase the likelihood that they will exercise the aforementioned right.  [removed] [removed] In no way am I throwing a tantrum. I'm merely asking for any evidence whatsoever. However, neither you nor anyone else here has any.

You obviously aren't obligated to prove your point. However, your points can rightfully disregarded if you can't prove them.

&amp;#x200B;

Ciao! Again, your input is very appreciated. However, it is illogical. 

This isn't about whether or not my parents agree. This is about me understanding the law. Not a single person can cite a single law, ruling, statute, etc that proves adult's rights trump mine in the case of property ownership. Your temper-tantrum is not going to revoke your parents rights to parents you.

You are doing nothing but convincing everyone that your parents decisions to continue to control your behavior are  needed.

Bye, now. [removed] [removed] [removed] [removed] [removed] [removed] Try telling that to your parents and report back thx. [removed] &gt;assume

There are laws about withholding property. Refer back to the definition of "theft". 

&amp;#x200B; Laws are not written to grant a parents rights to withhold property.

Laws would be written to restrict a parents rights to withhold property.

Since you can find no laws restricting a parents rights to withhold property from their minor children, you should assume that they are permitted to do so. I appreciate your input, but the onus is on those who make the claim. Consensus has nothing to do with it.  Thanks a million! [removed] [removed] I have seen no evidence that parents can withhold property in any fashion.  If you can indicate where I can find that, please do. [removed] You could start with [this link at FindLaw](https://family.findlaw.com/emancipation-of-minors/what-are-the-legal-rights-of-children.html).

It was the 4th link to "rights of minors in the united states" at DDG. [removed] You own the property. They have the right to parent you (by withholding the property until you reach the age of majority).

I don't really have the energy to prove you wrong. Everyone here agrees you're wrong, so I'd say the onus is on you. [deleted] Laws make things illegal.  Everything not illegal is legal.  If there's no law against a parent being able to control their minor child's possessions, then it's legal.

There is no law against a parent being able to control their minor child's possessions.

You're a minor, and therefore you and your possessions are pretty much subject to your parents' control so long as that control doesn't break a law. This is not about a minor's right to own property.  It is about a parents right to parent their children. Instead, show me the law which restricts a parent's rights to forbid their child from owning an item that they deem to be dangerous.

Show me a law where it is illegal for a parent to take a broken and dangerous toy away from a toddler because the toddler "owns" that toy.

Show me the LEGAL (not moral) distinction between that toddler, and the 17 year old minor who wants to own a computer against their parents wishes. [deleted] Yet I haven't seen any laws on a child's right or lack of right to property.  Can you give me any buzzwords to search for so I can find official stuff on this?  I don't doubt your knowledge, but I'm not  sure there are actually laws on this. Can you give me any buzzwords to search for so I can find official stuff on this? I haven't seen anything that says minors can't own property/money in the same way that adults do. From what I've seen, they're the same. 

&amp;#x200B;

Please do prove me wrong You are generally incorrect. There are lots of things that adults can do that minors cannot legally do. That's why we have an age of majority.

Until you're an adult, your parents have lots of control over you. &gt; I'm assuming you aren't speaking from a morality standpoint. 

Not at all.  **Legally**, your parents have every right to control what you own.  In your state, you may have a legal right to own an elephant.  If you come home from school with an elephant, your parents have every right to take it away from you.

If your parents determine you are not responsible enough to own a computer, they can take it away from you.  Doesn't matter if you bought it with your "own money", or money given to you, or if the computer was a gift.

Any money given to you, they can take away from you.

Morally, I have no idea if it's right or wrong for your parents to control your possessions.  I don't know you, or them, or the situation, and I don't care to.

Legally, they have every right to control your possessions. I don't think that is how property rights work. Correct me if I'm wrong, but I believe there is nothing that creates a dichotomy between an adult owning property vs a child owning property.

&amp;#x200B;

I'm assuming you aren't speaking from a morality standpoint.  1) You could, but they could withhold the money until you turn 18. Or punish you until you turn 18. 

&amp;#x200B;

2) Of course they can. You have zero right to a computer until you're an adult.

&amp;#x200B;

&gt;Note: I'm not really looking for the morality of the situations. Just asking if anyone has any ideas what the law says as I can't find anything. 

Not a moral note but a practical one. If you brazenly disobey your parents as a minor you increase the likelihood of being punished.  &gt; Can I sell it even if my parents say no? 

Legally, yes.  But, they can punish you for doing so.  And, they can take the money away from you that you sold it for.

&gt; Can my parents take my computer away even though it was gifted to me? 

Yes.  Your parents are allowed to control your property and your money.