In December of 2015 I was struck by a bus's side-view mirror as I was walking down a sidewalk in Arizona. The bus was on a college campus, operating as an inter-campus shuttle. The mirror struck the back of my head, so I went to the hospital and had the necessary tests done. The resulting medical bill came out to \~$5000. I filed a police report, and the officer investigating got the security footage from on-board the bus which clearly shows me being struck. In addition there were a number of witness, including my friend who was walking next time to me at the time. 

Eventually I got in contact with the company who runs that particular route. Initially they refused to pay it, and the bill got sent to collections under my name. After some time, my parents got the bus company to agree to file the claim and pay the collections agency on my behalf. I was in college at the time and my parents had offered to help me out by handling the communication with the bus company, so I was only tangentially aware of the situation. Due to a miscommunication along the way, this whole situation flew under the radar and the bus company never paid the collections agency. Recently I had a credit report pulled and saw the derogatory mark from this medical bill still on my record. I reached out to the bus company and they said the claim had been closed but they were willing to reopen a new claim and get this all settled. A couple weeks went by with no new communication so I decided to follow up. Now they are claiming the statute of limitations is up, and they are refusing to pay the bill. 

I understand that I should have been more aware of the situation at the time, and looking back, the miscommunication was a simple error (the collections agency just needed the name of the bus company and my approval to release the dollar amount of the bill from me). Also, as an a side note, the hospital I went to has since been shuttered due to bankruptcy. My biggest concern is the effect this derogatory mark will have on my credit score. 

&amp;#x200B;

My question now is, can I get the bus company to pay the medical bill? Or what options do I have for resolving this?

&amp;#x200B; &gt; They're saying it was closed and can't be reopened

Because the statue of limitations has tolled and they know a court cannot force them to pay. Fault doesn't matter here anymore.  The period to recover the money legally has passed.

However, if they promised to pay for the damages in writing (4-6 years) or verbally (3 years) you could try to get money based on contract, but this would be a longer shot. Will a court see them opening a claim as an admission of fault? Well the thing is, I do have a claim with the bus company. They're saying it was closed and can't be reopened. Does this give me any leverage? I'll have to double-check, but I'm 90% sure my parent's insurance covered some of it. Two separate issues here:

1) You owe the medical bills.

2) You have a claim against bus company for the injuries they caused, however you are now outside of the SOL of 2 years for personal injury

At this point I think your recourse is the try to convince the company to pay, but you likely won't be able to get a court to enforce it. Sounds like you kinda ignored it for a while.

Commercial busses have insurance that should have easily taken care of this. Sounds like you didn't file a claim/follow up /etc and it went to collections.

I'm not sure what the statue of limitations are in this case, but it's typically 2 years for accidents. 

So you'll have to negotiate a payment plan with the debt collector or they may sue you and receive a judgement which they can garnish 25% of your wages. 

 Did you have insurance that paid for a portion of the bill?