Isn’t it illegal to scavenge through someone else’s trash looking for “information” or something of that nature? Our apartment dumpster has always been small and doesn’t accommodate for all the members but they already claim it does so I won’t fight that. However, they sent us 3 photos of the box that was sitting on top of a ripped open trash bag and the photos were in “chronological order” of them walking up to the bag of trash. The box is sitting perfectly on top of the other trash with the bag ripped open and with the shipping label facing up. It had to have been staged since the garbage bag was about half full and there is no way it would’ve ripped along this seam. Is there any kind of way to prove the bag was ripped open by them? Are they allowed to rip open my trash since they are my landlord?  I think you are missing THE point. If they are depositing the bag properly and someone else is pulling it out of the garbage and ripping it open and taking pictures, well, that's only going to happen once, because they'll start taking their own pictures and have proof that they aren't just dumping garbage outside the proper receptacle. 

But they admit they aren't disposing of the garbage properly, so it doesn't matter if it's the cops, a neighbour, the HOA, or a stray dog. The garbage was ripped open, and they left ID inside. Who else are they going to fine?

I've had this problem. The cops opened the bag and returned the garbage to the owner with a hefty civil fine. That person was also shocked!, SHOCKED! that someone would have the audacity to open her garbage bag. Plus, the trash bag wasn't even in the dumpster, so labeling the dumpster seems a moot point. Oooh my bad I see what you mean now I must have misread it.  That is not what the fine is for. The fine is for not placing the trash in the dumpster. The reason the trash was opened was so the landlord can find out who to fine for not following directions. The OP is the one who did not put it in the dumpster which is 100% on them. IANAL, if I understand this correctly, you are being fined because your trash bag was not placed in the apartment dumpster.  

You question the legality of them opening your trash bag to identify it as yours.  You think they placed the box with your information on it on top of the bag of trash in order to show that it was yours.

It is certainly OK for them to open the bag of trash, since once it is thrown out it is no longer your property.  It makes perfect sense for them to document the "investigation" so that they can prove that the trash bag was yours.  Searching through the trash bag to find something with your name on it and placing it on top of the bag of trash to get a picture is also perfectly reasonable.

Since you have not said that the trash bag was not yours, you owe the fine.  That is as long as the fine is mentioned in your written lease or in another document that you signed (again IANAL, so this needs to be confirmed).

As I said, you have not said that the trash bag is not yours.  In fact, you make an excuse as to why it was not in the apartment dumpster. I think you are missing my point. I mean its impossible to make sure the bag never rips open once they deposit it, how could a fine be possibly enforceable What difference does it make if it was racoons or the landlord or a pissed off neighbour that tore open the improperly disposed of trash? Who cares if it looked staged? The OP obviously because they were under the incorrect impression that a closed garbage bag was sacrosanct.

OP admits they didn't throw away the trash properly and admits it isn't the first time. If the lease allows for fines for not properly disposing trash should be the only consideration, not that they think  they should be able to get away with it because the garbage bag is opaque.  Yeah it’s just suspicious to me that the seam is very clean cut (definitely not an animal) and that they provided 3 pictures making it look like they were walking up to the bag. Why wouldn’t they just take one picture? Or if they needed to show where the bag was from a macro perspective they could’ve done that with one picture. That’s the reason why I’m suspicious and they fined thousands in damage to the previous tenants and they warned us the company would charge us for small violations Oh that seems stupid of them. Lets say they didnt stage it. So what, you say when you put the bag in it was intact. Someone must have busted it open or racoons could have gotten in it. How on earth could you possibly be responsible for that. What does it say in your lease about the trash fine. This seems flimsy. They didn’t reassemble the box. The label was sticking up with the broken down box resting on top of the trash with a perfect seam and the shipping label popping out of the bag. That’s why I got suspicious because it looked as if the one part of the box that actually matters is the only piece of trash that is poking out of the bag &gt;  I just figured we’d have some protection from our own landlord digging through “our trash”

You don't.  If you feel their unjustly fining you, dispute the fine. Are you saying the landlord went through the trash, ripped open a bag, reassembled a broken down box from the trash to frame you?

&amp;#x200B;

EDIT: this wasnt sarcasm, is this what you are saying. The “complex” is a house with apartment units that we occupy so it’s one organization that rents the entire property. The only time we see their staff is when they empty the dumpster so I just figured we’d have some protection from our own landlord digging through “our trash” The box was broken down in a trash bag. They simply ripped it open so they could get our names and find out which tenant threw out that bag It's not your dumpster.  It belongs to the complex that you reside in. Why didn't you just break down the box? If dumpster space is a rare commodity, doing your fair share by compacting your trash will help with the problem.  Can we label it “No Trespassing” without approval  from the landlord? They’ve been fining us at least once every couple weeks for stupid things like this so we are trying to show some resistance so they leave us alone. In Wisconsin, if the dumpster is not labeled "No Trespassing" then you have no legal remedy if people are going through your trash. &gt; Isn’t it illegal to scavenge through someone else’s trash looking for “information” or something of that nature? 

No.  It's the opposite.  Trash, once thrown out, is no longer your property.  They can't enter your property to look into your trash, but it appears this was on communal property so there's no issue.