 (*Posting on behalf of someone I know) (crosspost from personalfinance)*

&amp;#x200B;

I FUCKED UP and I've hit rock bottom.

MD resident. I'm $60K deep in credit card debt due to my gambling problem. I make $50K a year regular income (secure for the forseeable future) and I'm in over my head. I live with family right now and don't pay rent. I own no home or other assets and don't have any other loans. Should I declare chapter 7 or chapter 13 bankruptcy? Also heard about these Debt Management Programs. I'm not sure where to start and what is the best option for me.

I was supposed to get married and buy a home with my fiancee next year but this is really getting in the way of everything. She has perfect credit and I want to minimize the damage to her if possible if she still wants to marry me. She has money she could lend me potentially to settle everything if needed... Would that be preferable over the bankruptcy/debt management option? She's probably going to leave me over this and I've contemplated suicide.

&amp;#x200B;

I'M DESPERATE. PLEASE HELP! Take a deep breath.

I'm a professional debt collector and I see people in your situation every day. And I see people overcome it every day too. I promise, it's not hopeless. 

Now, start here:  https://www.nfcc.org/locator/

That will connect you with a pro bono debt advice counselor. 

Your partner won't leave you as long as you're open, honest, and GET HELP. Not just with the existing debts but with your gambling addiction as well. Start here for that: https://www.ncpgambling.org

I would advise against borrowing money off your partner to pay the debt. That is the kind of thing that can breed resentment. You might want to consider postponing the wedding as well, not permanently, just until your partner can use her clean credit to get a mortgage.

Assuming your debts stay where they are and you dont add to them, and assuming you stay with your family rent-free, you can clear this in 2 years. 20k is more than enough to live on especially with no rent, so you can just dump 30k a year onto your debt. It won't be easy. But in a few months you'll see such amazing improvement, and 2 years will fly by. If your gambling problem is ongoing, you can ask casino's and such to bar you. Talking to a professional to help you with your finances and figuring out your best plan of action currently is a good idea. Cut down on any unessential spending. Don't let it scare you. Suicide isn't the answer here, OP.

If you're making 50k a year and have no housing costs, it's going to take some time to pay off, but you can do it in less than five years if you buckle down and just do it.

Talk to a bankruptcy attorney, but this is fixable without bankruptcy. Speak to a bankruptcy attorney.  At least for chapter 13, many attorney's will roll their fees into your repayment schedule.

You need to make a top priority addressing your gambling problem, or else, you'll just re-dig the hole after digging yourself out of it.

If you have intentions of harming yourself, please call the suicide hotline:  Call 1-800-273-8255 

This is just money problems, and you can work through them.  But, you do need to address the root of the problem. If you're having suicidal thoughts, please contact 1-800-273-8255.

As for the money issues, you can contact a bankruptcy attorney, who will guide you in the best direction.