 Sorry I am shaking I am so upset right now. I've managed a large SLE in California for the past 13 months. I am often tasked with collecting the rents and writing receipts for any that come in via cash. On Friday, before I left to go to the drug counselor classes I've been taking out of the area, I got one more payment, wrote a receipt for the person, and put the money in the receipt book against the binding and then into an inner drawer in my cabinet, texting my immediate boss (her title is "administrator") where it was. About 45 minutes later I get a text that it wasn't in there, and I start freaking out. This has never happened before, and obviously in hindsight I should have locked it up or something but you know, I guess our system was clearly not sufficiently secure. When I got home tonight, I searched around my room to make sure it didn't fall out somewhere and sure enough it was gone. I have my suspicions around who might have taken it, but without evidence it's irrelevant. The issue is with the owner of the house, who said as the last person to have custody of it, I'm responsible for paying it back to him. If I don't repay it within 3 days, he's giving me what we call a "write up" each day; after 3 write ups in a month residents are kicked out immediately. I hadn't received my wages for the month yet, but I said as unfair as I felt the situation was I suppose I would just pay that towards it and he said he would rather give me the check, and then have me pay him separately. He switched from a direct discount on rent to putting me on some sort of official payroll about 8 months ago, I get $500 a month (actually about 45 less for taxes of some sort) for working every other night (after I get home from my other job) from about 5:30pm to 11pm, and from 5:30 to 1am Fri/ Sat. For about 6 months of my position I didn't have an assistant though and worked every night, those same hours. Basically what I'm wondering is, am I actually responsible for repaying this money? I don't want to jeopardize my living situation right now, especially after just paying rent, nor do I want to lose my position here if that's possible. Also, am I being paid properly? He had me fill out a tax form when he switched to this method of compensation in an attempt to get more above board (paying workers comp insurance etc). If I'm actually responsible for paying it, I absolutely will. But I don't have a lot of extra money, especially after just paying my full rent and now having to put the ~$450ish in monthly compensation towards this shit. I'm also going to call the police and file a report (which they didn't do on Friday), since he said he would "trust me more" if I did that (I think his implication is that if I had taken it, I wouldn't call the cops on myself. But why would I sign a receipt for a resident and then steal money that is directly tied to me in the first place?) I guess it just doesn't make sense to me because I know I didn't do anything wrong, but can't prove that to him. Any advice would be greatly appreciated, I am just so frustrated right now, it feels like I'm being screwed twice (first by someone violating my space, second by being made to pay for the missing money).