 Hello reddit, I could use your advice/input some peace of mind. Here's the background. I live in the midwest and we've had a ton of snow and bad weather this past week. The large city snowplows go through my small, residential street about once a day when we have heavy snow. I came home from work friday afternoon around 4:45 pm (today is sunday). And I noticed my neighbors mailbox was on the ground, but I am also 80% sure that I also remember thinking "oh glad they plowed finally" as I turned onto my street as when i left at 7 am, they most certainly hadn't. Fast forward to today (sunday) and I am just hopping in the shower when I hear a knock at my door. I'm not expecting company and last week I had some church people come knocking so I figured it was them and tried to ignore it. A good 15 minutes later they are STILL knocking so I get out, and go answer the door. It is my neighbor from across the street and she IMMEDIATELY launches into a tirade about how shes just gotten home and her mailbox is busted and shes gone "Around to the other neighbors and they noticed it happened Friday from somewhere between 9 am and 11 am" and how the angle of the post (its bent back, and the actual box is on the ground) matches up to somebody backing out of my driveway. Before i can even get a word in edgewise, she mentions how she see's cars coming and going from my house all the time and she's written down all their license plates (this includes, my boyfriends car, my best friends car, my parents truck, and my car \side note on my car, I always park in the garage, and I am wondering how she could ever see my licence plate other then looking in through the window\\) and how she demands compensation for the mailbox. She goes on to tell me that she's going to contact my landlord, and the police. She finally lets me speak and I mention how none of our cars have giant dents in them that would be required to mess up a mailbox that bad, that I live alone and I was long gone by 9 am on friday, and that it was more then likely a snowplow. She refuses to believe it was a snowplow truck and is convinced it was somebody who must have been leaving my driveway. She's literally writing everything down on a notepad that the other neighbors and I have said. I promised to double check with my friends, and I did. Everybody swears up and down that it wasn't them and I believe them (again no damage to any of our cars). She swears that I will be hearing from her until she receives compensation and I was wondering if there's any steps I should take to be prepared for what I feel like will be a long drawn out pissing match.  Yes. I just texted him this morning. He’s very particular and also elderly so I hope he doesn’t take it the wrong way. However it’s very obviously that I didn’t hit the mailbox (he can come look at my car if he needs too lol!). My next plan is to record our conversation when she comes knocking. I actually emailed the road commission and asked if they could come take a look for her, and they said they would send it the area supervisor. So hopefully they actually get on that and send somebody out. I just never thought I’d have to deal with a crazy neighbor. The way she was acting I can totally see her trying to take this to court. Thanks for the advice.  No! That’s a super good idea though. Maybe I’ll have to email the city asking about it lol...  Sounds like a lady with a developing case of cabin fever. Hopefully she’ll thaw out by spring.  I would report this to your motor insurers as a potential claim. Always check your policy wording because there are often rules relating to notification. Give your landlord a head's up that crazy is incoming and that no one was at your house at the time the damage occurred. The next time she comes onto your property ask her to leave. If she refuses call the police and have her trespassed from your property. Every time she violates it, because she will, call the police and get it documented. This will ultimately give you enough evidence to either get a restraining order granted or the DA will decide she is harassing you and charge her. I would also get permission from the landlord to put up cameras since you have a reasonable suspicion that she has already been snooping on your property.  Does your town/city not have a mailbox crew? My city has a supply of mailboxes set in concrete blocks they give out during the winter. They come around in the spring and replace the temporary mailboxes with real ones one the ground has thawed.  It should be noted that if you are served, you can likely get a lawyer from your auto insurance as she is claiming it is a traffic accident involving a covered vehicle. This is a very typical part of your coverage. The insurance should treat such a request the same as a not at fault claim. Thank you for the advice! Hopefully the police just treat it as a non-issue and tell her to contact the road commission.  ugh thank you. I couldn't believe how she was acting. She most certainly does not have any evidence. I am mostly just annoyed that she would try and make it a legal issue, over what was most likely a snowplow running over her $50 mailbox.  She has to have evidence, which she doesn’t. If she calls the police and tries taking you to small claims she won’t win based on what you’ve said  She's not going to be able to prove it was you, so I wouldn't worry about it. Just have your evidence it wasn't you in a file just in case she decides to try for small claims or something. The police will consider this a civil matter and almost certainly won't do anything about it.