Hey everyone, so here's my story

I am a musical artist, I have music on Bandcamp, SoundCloud, and Reverberation. Today a friend of mine did a Google search for a song of mine under my stage name, she discovered a compilation in which my song was on. I do recall that I voluntarily took part in the compilation that was going to be available to the public for free on Bandcamp (this was about 4 years ago) and she showed me that my song was there with a minor misspelling of my stage name. It's the same compilation, same song, but then I saw a price tag on it. I never gave consent to my music being sold and being made a profit off of for another person's benefit. I contacted Bandcamp and they said to make a copyright claim, I called a friend and he says to get a patent on my music. I'm not all too familiar with these terms or the concept but I do know it involves rightfully owning what you produce. So my question is which is the right one to get in a case like this and how do I go about it? 
A side note, I also have proof of the recording of the song's vocals, instrumental, and lyrics. I basically have the origin of the song with me as proof. Thanks for the help! Another thing is I believe the group that came up with the compilation has disbanded, i believe their website domain has been sold, their YouTube deleted, so I have a strong assumption that they are posing as the group that composed the compilation, so they may even be posing as someone else while they're at it for all I know. the other comments are correct, you cannot patent music, music is copyrighted.  You dont need to register for a copyright, you already own the copyrights in a piece of music as soon as you create it.  you need to make a DMCA takedown request on the site that is hosting your music without your permission.  if you can find the person responsible for posting your music you can sue them for copyright infringement.  you may only need the proof of authorship because of the misspelling, but otherwise you need to look at the terms of the agreement you made when you allowed your work to be in the compilation and see if there is an actual violation.   Your friend is incorrect.  Music isn't something you can patent.   A copyright claim is the way to get it taken down,  but externally from that company,  if you want financial compensation for damages, you'll have to take the seller to court.  It’s copyright. You can’t patent a piece of music.