I am a software engineer concerned about the implications of my work. I have been positioned to deliver software that puts our customers at risk. I informed my supervisor of the risks to the best of my ability and asked the C-levels to make a tactical decision, but I refused to release the code unless they overrode me. They did so, and I am to release vulnerable software today with no timeline for a patch. I could only put the issue "on the radar."

Obviously I am keeping this as anonymous as possible, but I am worried about this precedent of business expediency coming before our greater responsibilities because this is not the first time this has happened. Can I blow the whistle? If so, how can I minimize damage to my career? Appreciate it, thank you. I'd hate to end up jaded over what I'm seeing, but if I must, so be it. 12 overall, but 1 in InfoSec. I do understand releasing imperfect software as a calculated risk in the general case. My concerns comes mainly from the nature of the company and the fact it stockpiles intimate PII. And for all I know, you're in there.

So yes, I am inexperienced in standard operating procedure in this sector, which is why I posted this thread. I made a mistake in omitting enough info to inspire a side-discussion about how to interpret office politics instead of learning if there is a prudent way to protect what's at stake. Even if I am naive in some ways, I believe my worry is proportional to the risk. I edited OP to reflect the severity of the issue. How many years of experience do you have?

Based on your post I am going to guess not many because releasing software with bugs and security holes is ok and does happen. It is all about risk vs cost.
The company is not required to patch it and it is an internal risk.  No it will not There is some career risk to disclosing as well. Depending on the application, level of risk, etc, if you disclose it, it could cause problems for you down the line. If this is a low-risk vulnerability, and you disclose it, then you've likely just violated your NDA and can be seen as a risk for future hires.

All companies want someone ethical, but (especially at a low level) they want someone who is going to raise issues, not put the company at risk over what they perceive to be overblown risks.

At the end of the day, it's the job of the higher-ups to make these risk/tradeoff decisions. If you want to disclose the vulnerability, you probably want to make damn sure that it's serious enough that most people (read: future employers) will agree with you on its severity. I endorse this comment.  &gt;I am a software engineer concerned about the implications of my work. I have been positioned to deliver software that puts our customers at risk of arbitrary code execution [...] I refused to release the code unless they overrode me. They did so,

&gt;EDIT: I intend to leave the company over this so any protections I seek for myself are career- not job-level.

Step 1 (optional): Join the ACM.

Step 2: Write an article about how you resign your job over violations of the ACM code of ethics. https://www.acm.org/code-of-ethics Consider doing so without mentioning your employer by name and in any event take great care to ensure you do not state any facts (opinions are okay) that you cannot prove are true.

Step 3: Post your article to Hacker News (or other forums) and earn yourself enough personal reputation boost to make up for the resignation.

(Not strictly legal advice, but you don't any legal options to control how your employer behaves.)

PS: I'm hiring for engineers right now and I consider a demonstrated sense of ethics to be a significant favorable point. Lots of others are also hiring in that industry and many of them have the same opinion about ethics. OP, one additional thing to consider: does your company sell to the US government? If so, and the dollar figures are big, you may be able to work with a False Claims Act attorney (aka Qui Tam attorney) to blow the whistle in a way that gets you paid with $$$$$$$$$. Notice the number of $ I used. A 15 percent share of settlements isn't uncommon, and an office I worked for regularly had clients who made in the 10s of millions. Some made over 100 million. If you are interested in this route, then consider two things: don't publish the secret and hurry to visit with a qui Tam attorney so you can get advice on how to secure a winning case. (It's easier to Hoover up incriminating evidence of fraud from within than after you leave the workplace.) The name checks out. https://www.reddit.com/r/OutOfTheLoop/comments/2z6xw7/why_do_people_here_say_oh_sweet_summer_child_when/ He is also implying that as one ages they get more jaded and eventually shit like this is just so much shit.

When an older person says this to a younger person it isn't so much as a dig as the older person being just a bit jealous of what they have lost, while knowing that outgrowing that belief is somewhat inevitable.

If you want to investigate tone and read between lines, this stuck out to me:

&gt;  I would think carefully before taking steps like submitting a proof of concept to the CERT advisory program or to Mitre's CVE list. 

Lets pull that apart.  I want to work backwards.  If someone didn't know the next step in getting attention and traction to this sort of thing, this bit:  
&gt; submitting a proof of concept to the CERT advisory program or to Mitre's CVE  

reads like a road map to me.  A really good hint.  Just Google that stuff and go from there.  However, the first part reads:

&gt; I would think carefully before taking steps...

which implies to me that the person who wrote it thinks it is a very bad idea to do so.

If you think it is such a bad idea, then why give the roadmap?

Cause the author is being a bit tongue in cheek and some piece of him wishes you would do just that.

Which brings us back around to being old and jaded.  You get old and you begin to understand how much more important a steady paycheck is over idealism.  People like him, and myself, we are a bit jealous of someone that can look at the world and say, 'Fuck you!  I have my morals!  I will come out of this on top!'

It is jealousy.  
 Would a company be financially liable for damages that arose from knowingly releasing compromised software without warning users of the compromise? If you're a member of the ACM or IEEE, or if you become one, you are bound by their respective codes of ethics. Neither has an explicit position on disclosure of software vulnerabilities, but you might nonetheless find them useful to refer to when making the case to future employers that you acted in accordance with professional requirements rather than in defiance of them.

&amp;#x200B;

If the company does business in the EU, they may be in violation of GDPR notification requirements, although those requirements are written primarily with breaches in mind rather than vulnerabilities. You would have to see a lawyer licensed in the EU and specializing in GDPR concerns to determine whether the law is applicable. The remedy if so would be to contact one of the EU's various data protection authorities (they're per-country), which are regulatory bodies tasked with enforcing the law. I am not aware that GDPR provides any protection to individuals, but it is a possible avenue of escalation.

&amp;#x200B;

Ultimately, as others have said, your protections here are unlikely to be in the legal arena. I'd gladly bounce that line of thinking around with you since it's a fascinating issue.

EDIT: Removed mention of DM in observance of sub rules. I put the ? because I am not 100 percent. I could understand companies not being generally responsible for damages incurred from their software but when they know about it ahead of time I feel there should be a law in place to try to make them rectify it before releasing the software. I didn't know the expression could mean that. No worries on this front. :) &gt; Oh, you sweet summer child.

I think he's saying you have a good heart for wanting to do the right thing here? Certainly under an NDA, so I couldn't prep a POC in terms of proprietary code. Thanks for volunteering on the DM side, it's great to know that you are in the space. On a r/facepalm front we don't have a CISO but present as a security company, so the writeup I've done escalated as much as it could internally. I'll keep your offer in mind if I am presented with another opportunity to prep messaging. It sure is. It's lucky for us that we are not held liable in the same way doctors and lawyers are, but I imagine that day will come. Best of luck in your future endeavours. Hopefully you find an employer more aligned with your vision. This is a hard problem - the question of regulating software security is very much an open one. I struggle with tone in writing so I'm not sure how much of that came from a genuine intention to help, but it was informative, helpful and worth researching further. Thank you very much for that. I have already made my decision to leave the company and appreciate the advice. [removed] Maybe you can report the flaw to US-CERT. I am not sure if you are under an NDA though. Oh, you sweet summer child.

Unless your employer is bound by some specific regulation or contract requirement, security bugs are a matter of customer satisfaction and of the company's risk tolerance, rather than a matter of law. You've done your due diligence internally, and in most software orgs I'd even say you've overstepped your job by quite a bit but it appears to have worked out for you.

If your company has a compliance officer, let them know. If you believe this runs afoul of specific regulations, contact the relevant regulatory or industry body directly and ask - you can do so without implicating your employer, if you're looking for information on how to handle this. Otherwise, this comes down to your personal morals and preferences: are you willing to work for an org which makes risk management decisions you disagree with?

Because you've made your position on this so visible internally, I would think carefully before taking steps like submitting a proof of concept to the CERT advisory program or to Mitre's CVE list. Even if you report it anonymously, there's a good chance your employer will trace it back to you. Unless you are regulated under something that requires disclosure, it's unlikely you would have any whistleblower protections, and you may be breaching your NDA if you have one by doing so. I would speak to an attorney before you push this any further.

Please understand that I think security bugs like this _are_ a big deal - but often there is no, or very little, legal liability involved in releasing broken code. I intend to leave the company over this, so I think I'd be more worried about career-level and not job-level retaliations. Is it still possible that I can suffer that way, and if so, what can I do to protect myself? Georgia has specific anti-retaliation laws to protect whistle blowers from repercussions. But they can make your life miserable without outright firing you. Tread carefully. I don't know if faulty security has legal ramifications, but you can check into standards for companies to maintain and protect customer privacy?