Maybe not the best place for this post idk. But my Dad had a credit card with 9k limit on it. The balance now sets at 22k and they says he's responsible for all of it. They even took almost 900 dollars out of his account because it's "part of the agreement". His question and mine, how can 9k limit be exceeded by 13k and him be responsible for it all. It makes no sense. They have no told him his monthly payment will be 1200 dollars. Is there a way to solve this? You bet! Best of luck. If the company has any sense of customer satisfaction they should be pretty accommodating in a branch but you never know. 

Legally you generally have 110 days to dispute a fraudulent charge. Earlier will smooth the process but just know that is the "get it done" date. Wow. I really appreciate how in depth you went in with this message. I'm actually going to visit my father this weekend, so I'm hoping to really dig in. I guess I should have waited until I had more information. The going over the limit is definitely the weirdest part of it all. He said he called them and Everytime it hit a new high was told "don't worry it's fraud". I fully plan on investigating this wehn I get there tomorrow. Thanks again for the thorough response. I really appreciated it.  It sounds like this is a bank. Ask to speak to a banker/loan officer/whatever they call their employees that do loans. Depending on the institution, their loan people should be happy to explain the contract and this specific situation. Tellers are not trained a ton (varies by institution) on loans because blissful ignorance makes training easier BUT that means they aren't always the most knowledgeable with loan payment terms, rules, etc.

A lead teller, assistant manager, or branch manager would also be good options. I have some familiarity with CC fraud, billing, etc. However there aren't enough details in your post to give you some clear guidance. 

Get the statement, see what caused the charges. There is a dispute process your credit card company will follow. It's possible their super awesome customer service people said no out of ignorance (happens more often than they would like to admit), so get some more clear information on the charges and go from there. So that you know, so long as your dad did not authorize the charges and was not negligent in his handling of his card information, if it is fraud the dispute process should work. That being said you need more info. The biggest risk here is that there was some flavor if phishing scam. If the info was given out by your dad in any way, including under false pretenses by a phishing scam, you are at risk of being stuck with the charges. 

As for going so far over limit, that is a bit more odd. A bit over the limit is highly possible either due to interest, or by a bit through charges. That much is not at all normal. Either the CC company made a mistake, they actually allow that high of a limit overage, or at some point your dad was approved for an increased limit. Limit increases CAN be automatic, but several thousand dollars stretches the likelyhood of that. Need more details to give clearer information here. Ask the institution what the limit is, and if it's higher than expected ask when and how it was increased. 

Last but not least. I assume you meant that they took that much as a payment without expressly informing your father. The credit card contract likely has language allowing them to take what they need to keep the account "in good standing" and avoid sending your dad's account to collections. That large of a payment is odd but not unheard of, especially if your father was over his card limit so they needed to pay it down. More information is needed and their customer service people should be able to explain why.

TL;DR: get more information and if you need some guidance, update the post. Good luck on the disputes! Making enough waves to get a supervisor, or going into a physical location if possible, may help get clearer answers.

EDIT: I read your $900 payment as $9000. That amount is large but is pretty common for credit cards that offer rewards points, cash back, etc. Also most designated credit card companies have VERY agressive repayment policies if the card is over it's limit, has missed payments, etc. Banks and Credit Unions are less agressive, but the skymiles/travel points/store cards are really harsh. Pretty sure the card was compromised. I will try and get more information from him on the charges.  He was making his normal payments so it wasn't even at the 9k. But I will try and get more info from him. It's something I just found out about and didn't get every detail. Will check back in.  Not sure. Just found out. 

I need to check with him and make sure he disputed them properly.

When he went into the bank they just told him "you have to pay this" I do t have the full the story from him. He went to the bank and tried to talk to them. They told him they thought it was him. I definitely need to check and make sure he filed an offical claim. Apparently whoever was in the phone with the teller didn't want to talk with him on the phone. It just doesn't make sense to me.  Where did the money go ?

Hint - look at the credit card statement. Yes - the credit card company has the power to decide whether a claim of fraud is true or not. And in this case it sounds like they have concluded that there was no fraud. Did they clarify why they allowed spending beyond the limit? And do you know why they may have rejected the fraud claim? I don't think that's enough information to make a determination one way or another.

Was his credit card stolen/compromised?  Did he look over the charges on his statement to see what they were for? 1. How long has this been going on for?
2. When did these charges hit, and when did your father dispute them?
3. Why do you say the banks stated he is "responsible" for all of it? It can go above the limit via interest. The limit is only for spending, once it went above $9000 he could no longer use the card.

Where is the credit fraud angle and did he report it to the police? Does the fraud involve family/friends?