I am in Canada if that help.

&amp;#x200B;

I used my in-law's card with written permission. We typed up a form in word stating the card number, that all payment was finalized and I have permission till January 1, 2019. We both have signed copies.

&amp;#x200B;

I ordered the items they wanted and I asked to order a few things in which they agreed. Suddenly two months later my mother in law disagrees with the charges (even though I am 90% paid off) and wants to charge me with fraud? Does she have any legal grounds to do so? The line of credit is not really hers to delegate...at least, not on her own.  The credit card is an agreement (contract) between the card holder and the issuer.  She never had the right to give you permission to use the card without engaging the issuer.

There is a legal and formal process to add another person as an additional card holder on a line of credit ([https://www.investopedia.com/terms/a/additional-cardholder.asp](https://www.investopedia.com/terms/a/additional-cardholder.asp)). My parents did this with me as a teenager to allow me to use their credit card in emergencies...but the original card holder is still responsible for all debts incurred. 

Legally, this seems like fraud to me, I don't think a written agreement between just the two of you is going to change that. It could act as a mitigating factor when the investigation occurs as long as the agreement is notarized.

Any idea why she might have changed her mind? This sounds like a relationship question as much as a financial or legal one. What's her reasoning for suddenly disagreeing? Is she arguing that she never authorized this, or that you exceeded the scope of her authorization?

What does it mean "ordered the items they wanted" and "asked to order a efw things in which they agreed?" It's not clear what the situation is. What did they want, what else did you order, and why were you ordering things "for them" to begin with?

&gt; Does she have any legal grounds to do so?

What she can do is call the police and make whatever report she wants to make. The police will decide what happens next and whether you are charged with anything. "Legal grounds" is tricky. It sounds like you did a lot to cover your bases at the outset, but clearly something has not gone as intended, so either your mother in-law is acting very strangely or there was some sort of fundamental miscommunication between you two. There's clearly a LOT of detail missing here.

Good luck getting this resolved amicably.