 Hello Reddit I have a question about helping my father get a Visa as Mexican citizen to be able to visit the US. I am in Tucson AZ and he is in Hermosillo Sonora Mexico. The plott is a it thicker tho so here is some background The background: My father grew up in a border town and believed his whole life that he was born in the U.S. When he was 18 he acquired a delayed birth certificate for the US and at the time he traveled to and from the US with no issues. As time went on, he decided to get his actual birth certificate and passport which made him secure an interview with the agency that does that (I can't remember the name at the moment). At the interview, the officer presented him with a Mexican birth certificate as proof of him not being a US citizen. My father was overwhelmed and upset, the officer asked him to sign a document (to which my father has no copy of) which he is sure, essentially, said that he lied, made the story up and certifying that he is not a US citizen. As he left the interview, he asked the officer about what his options would be now. The officer said that he could apply for a Visa to visit or apply for immigration. This was roughly five years ago now. End of the background. My father has both his only sons and family living in the US. Has a relationship, business and house in Mexico and has no intention to move or stay in the US. Our question is purely about getting a Visa to visit. He is just paranoid that if he applies, they will deny it or worst take some kind of legal action towards him. I did speak with an immigration lawyer about this and she said to just have him try to apply for the Visa five years after the interview. It sea logical to just have him apply for the Visa but we are just not sure. Does anyone have any suggestions? TL;DR FathHello Reddit I have a question about helping my father get a Visa as Mexican citizen to be able to visit the US. I am in Tucson AZ and he is in Hermosillo Sonora Mexico. The plott is a it thicker tho so here is some background The background: My father grew up in a border town and believed his whole life that he was born in the U.S. When he was 18 he acquired a delayed birth certificate for the US and at the time he traveled to and from the US with no issues. As time went on, he decided to get his actual birth certificate and passport which made him secure an interview with the agency that does that (I can't remember the name at the moment). At the interview, the officer presented him with a Mexican birth certificate as proof of him not being a US citizen. My father was overwhelmed and upset, the officer asked him to sign a document (to which my father has no copy of) which he is sure, essentially, said that he lied, made the story up and certifying that he is not a US citizen. As he left the interview, he asked the officer about what his options would be now. The officer said that he could apply for a Visa to visit or apply for immigration. This was roughly five years ago now. End of the background. My father has both his only sons and family living in the US. Has a relationship, business and house in Mexico and has no intention to move or stay in the US. Our question is purely about getting a Visa to visit. He is just paranoid that if he applies, they will deny it or worst take some kind of legal action towards him. I did speak with an immigration lawyer about this and she said to just have him try to apply for the Visa five years after the interview. It seems logical to just have him apply for the Visa but we are just not sure. Does anyone have any suggestions? TL;DR Father would like to apply for Visa to just visit the US after lying about being born in the US via a delayed birth certificate which he got when he was 18. Was "caught" in the act during an interview by the state in which they showed him his Mexican birth certificate and made him sign a document stating that he was not actually born in the US. He very likely will not ever be able to legally enter the country again. You'll need to hire an immigration lawyer to try. 