I am in Texas. I was roofied in May 2017 at a music festival. The festival security were too drugged up to take me seriously, no police report was filed, in fact I don't think they wrote down any of my information. I dont know who drugged me, or why. My best guess is GHB. At one point my drink tasted salty, I got tired. I woke up safe, alone, in my own tent hearing voices and totally alert. I couldn't sleep. My friend also got dosed, as we shared the drink. She was paralyzed in her own tent and couldnt call out for help. I asked a friend for help but they told me to go walk it off, alone. I reported it to the security when I came down, but the security was too high to understand what I was saying. I left angry and upset. I have been trying to work with the board of the festival to get down to how I was roofied, identifying who the I competent security was, and how to move forward. But the board is being pretty unresponsive as well. It's been a pretty traumatizing and infuriating experience. I am thinking of moving forward with filing a police report. The night I got roofied, I did smoke marijuana. I dont any more, and I would not have any in my system. If I filed a police report, would I be prosecuted for confessing I had consumed illegal substances in the past? Your talking about ingestion laws. Those vary by state. For example in MN i can walk around high as fuck and as long as there are no drugs on my person I won't be arrested.  Thanks. Filing a police report would also probably put a fire under the festival's ass to improve safety conditions. It would be great for them to rethink their training for their volunteer security. I am still not sure if I even want to file a police report but it's good to know that I could be (however unlikely) prosecuted for consuming illegal substances.  How do you plan to use it without possessing it?  

 [removed] [removed] Federally: everywhere

In Texas: everywhere, except for medical use under specified conditions 

&amp;#x200B;

Where did you hear it wasn't illegal? I can promise you that it is not one person doing this year after year.  You are offering nothing helpful to police, and your case will not go anywhere. Ah, please allow me to clarify. When I say satisfactory action, I am not talking about a settlement or payout. I am talking about them taking steps such as finding a more professional security contractor or arranging for better camera coverage.  Where in the US is it illegal to smoke cannabis? I thought that possession was outlawed, not use You just advised OP to break the law via extortion. Ok, that makes sense. Knowing your motivation helps to lay out the best course of action. I would suggest letting the event coordinators know that you will be filing a report if they don’t take satisfactory action. This can be used as leverage since they may not be able to get permits, licenses, or venues in the future due to all the negative activity on record. 

You could also find out under what authority they operate. If it is a special event permit or a business license, you could address it with your local council to either shut it down, or require stricter security or law enforcement presence. This would hopefully remove the environment in which these illegal activities occur. 

The idea that they will pin your incident on whoever they catch doing it in the future is a little far fetched though. From a law enforcement perspective, there is not much to go on in your case. When making the statement, I would not bring up illegal drug use on your part. If they do find investigative leads, I could see it coming up if they interview you, especially since that is another way for you to have had something introduced into your system. Then it is a balance between not incriminating yourself and not lying about it. In the end, it’s your call if you think it’s worth it or not to push the issue and take the repercussions for your actions in an attempt to hold someone else accountable for theirs. Tough spot, but it is unlikely they would push to prosecute you, given the situation. 
 [deleted] An understanding of your motivation and expectations is very relevant to the legal advice you are seeking. Part of judging your risk is usually weighing up risk:benefit and what you are hoping to get from it (and ensuring your hopes are realistic). Telling you about what is and isn't likely to come from the report you want to make is not toxic thinking, it's actually someone looking out for you.  [removed] Yes. Exactly that. I want a paper trail. Women are dosed every year at this festival and they dont know who is doing it. If they eventually find out, I want additional evidence that it has happened. I am not stupid and I know GHB is out of my system within mere hours. I have two years after the incident to file a report and it took me this long to file a report  because of toxic thinking like yours.  What exactly are you trying to accomplish here? A police report is just that, a report. It puts your incident on paper so it can be a statistic. Unless you offer up some investigative leads, there isn’t much to be done here. I would also doubt there is anything in your system to prove your suspicions, considering the time that has passed. 

The festival coordinators and their security are a separate issue. They are not law enforcement and a drunk or high guard would be handled according to their company policy.  [deleted] Yes, you can be charged and convicted of crimes you've committing.  If you illegally smoke marijuana, and confess to that, you could be charged and convicted of that.

Such a thing is **unlikely**, but possible.  

You can file a police report at any time.  You don't have to tell them you smoked marijuana, but that fact is relevant to the matter at hand.   You can't lie if you don't say anything so I'd say leave out the part where you were high, but if they ask tell the truth.(I'm not a professional but I think it's the best way to go. [removed]