 Hello! My passport is going to expire but the expiration date was cut short because in S. Korea there is mandatory conscription that starts at 18 and ends at 24. I am 23 and the date is coming up in about 8 months. I am also DACA so my passport is heavily connected to my Driver's License and work authorization card. I was able to postpone it by going to college, but my father says there is a way to apply for exemption. I don't speak Korean very well and I can't find any forms and all the research I have done is saying that I don't fit exemption unless I have a physical disability or was born here in the U.S. I was Born in S. Korea and came here when I was 3. Plz halp tbh, I'm in the same boat as you. However, the law in Korea strictly prohibits you from doing any kind of act as so. If you look at Nationality Act and Military Service Act, you were supposed to drop your Korean citizenship by march 31th on the day you became 18. This is due to the fact that every men in Korea are considered man forces when they become 18. However, the law became forced due to the person Steve Sueng-jun Yoo , who gained US citizenship to exempt army. After then, the law regulates2 types of "legal ways" that you can delay military services till 38. 1. You are considered a person who moved out from Korea and have never visited Korea within 10 years( literary what it says, you have to prove that you never visited Korea with in 10 years) This is the most official way that they will accept it, and is a legal way that you would be not going to army. If you are quallified for 1, contact the Military Manpower Administration of Korea, or visit the consulate general of Korea and ask them for overseas korean second generation policy. 2. You have a mental, or a physical disability. There might be some people on r/korea who can give advice. I don't know much about this, but from what I've read, you have to talk to the embassy and officially delay your military service to be able to renew your passport. Yeah, I would suggest trying to see if you can get some of the other forms of ID on that list. Then you can renew DACA without a passport. I don't have a Korean ID card or American birth certificate. I was born in Korea, I would have to check with my parents. Yes, I am familiar with DACA, but I am not familiar with Korean conscription. Under DACA, you can use other documents to prove your identity if you don't have your passport, such as a birth certificate or school ID. You can find the full list at Other things like US driver licenses can also be obtained with alternate ID. Strictly speaking, the only thing you absolutely need a passport for is international travel. Do you have a Korean ID card, birth certificate, school ID, etc.? Thank you! will google! Try speaking to a local consular office the process for applying for an exemption? If that doesn't work, a lawyer who speaks Korean may be a good choice. My goal is to stay here. I can't really speak Korean. I need a Korean passport because it provides the documentation for all of the other ID's I need like license. Without my Korean Passport I cannot renew anything and I won't be able to work within the US. I'll have a travel ban so I can't go back to Korea unless I leave to join the Korean army. (Suicide rates are high, and they would for sure pick on me because I am a native who can't speak their own language). Are you familiar with DACA. What is your goal here? Are you trying to go back to Korea or remain in the US? Why do you need a Korean passport? As far as I know, Korea will not grant you an exemption. But I am not an expert on Korean law.