This was a recycling tote. I didn't report it immediately (2 months ago) and that's my own fault. Since then ive just left my recycling in a cardboard box that they've taken each time with no issue.

I mentioned in passing that it was lost while paying a quartetly bill by phone and that started this whole ordeal.

I have asked them to show me where I signed accepting responsibility for their tote and if they don't, am I off the hook?

It was lost in an unexpected windstorm while I was at work. The collector emptied it and left it curbside at which point it was too light and blew away.

I've cancelled service with them over this, maybe I'm being an ass but $100 is a lot of money and their tone left a bad taste for me.

 This is a private company fwiw.

Thanks for your post also! Just because it's not directly your fault doesn't mean you aren't responsible for the cost of their property left in your care. The most likely outcome is you will be sent to collections if it's not paid for. &gt;I have asked them to show me where I signed accepting responsibility for their tote and if they don't, am I off the hook?

No one here will be able to tell you that.

Listen, I understand that it's tough to swallow the fee, but the tote was left in your custody, but belongs (in most cases) to the sanitation services. This kind of fee is not unusual. 

Sure, you could refuse to pay the fee and it will likely go to collections, but do you really feel it's worth it? 

Only a lawyer giving you *advice* should tell you when to tell them to pound sand, and no one here is going to do that for you; No lawyer fees will be worth the $100 you'll save either.

I'd say certainly keep trying and request evidence, using it as leverage to possibly halve the fee, but you'll likely never be told you do not owe the charge, and honestly if I were you, I'd pay it -- City/State government rarely folds. I don't know how I'd have prevented it from blowing away. I should have called them I guess? But what are they going to Do? Come go door to door looking for it? I walked the street and didn't find it.

Seems like charging me for something I didn't directly cause is out of line. So to summarize you think you should not be responsible for their property because you never specifically agreed to be responsible for it? I thought I described that in the message What makes you think you wouldn't owe for their tote that you lost?