Sorry if things are out of place, this is my first post here.

So this morning I woke up to a voicemail with no missed call. 

Upon listening to the message it states that this person from a (not stated) company has received an order this morning regarding a claim against me and that I have been officially notified (over voicemail??) and that I need to call this number to give them my address and place of employment so that they can give me a formal claim.

First of all, I'm confused. Aside from what I posted here, no other information was given (besides a phone number to call back and a claim case number.)

Can someone explain what any of this means? Is it bogus? Sorry, I have no idea what a claim is, but I assume it's a ploy to get money out of me.

I would think it's just another scam but asking for my place of employment seems a bit sketchy unless they're looking to garnish my wages.

Now aside from failing to pay a couple of small payday loans back from 5+ years ago, I cant think of anything else that would rectify a 'claim' against me.



 I'll just ignore it for now, it probably is a scam. Thanks. This is what I figured which is why I wanted to post first. They gave very little information aside from call this number back and give us your claim number. 

Edit: I googled the number they said to call, but nothing showed. And since I received a voicemail with no call I cant search the number they called from without directly calling them from my voicemail.  Yeah I haven't received anything in writing nor has anyone "served" me with anything. This is the first time I've heard anything about a claim. I guess I'll ignore it, most likely a scam. This is one of the more common scams. Try googling the number they called from and the number they said to call. But don't call then back. This is most definitely a scam. We have no idea what the call is about.  Might be a scam, might not.

Have you Googled the phone number?

&gt; Now aside from failing to pay a couple of small payday loans back from 5+ years ago 

Might be related to this. Clerk of courts is the only one who issues summons and you would be severed in writing and a process server would document it 