So, I just got back from a career fair after driving 20 miles, only to be denied an interview with anyone because I failed the "Personality assessment" they wanted me to take. The test specified that there were no right or wrong answers, but yet, I failed. Wow. I was reading online and found this: https://mccabe-lawfirm.com/index.php/2017/03/21/denied-a-job-or-promotion-after-taking-a-personality-test/

I should also add I am an individual on the autism spectrum and feel like I was unfairly set up to fail and denied as such. What can be done? Nope. Just a generic one administered by target.  I'm curious  because of your specific wording (personality assessment).  It didn't happen to be called something like an "Oxford Capacity Analysis" test, did it? They just say that to make you comfortable answering honestly And it's true, there is no wrong answer but the totaility of your answers could make them believe you are not the right fit for the job.

This reminds me of the first job interview I went to and they asked me if I would report a friend who was stealing from the store. I was honest that I would not and they did not hire me.  That is not discriminatory.  It's a way to pre-screen outside of a normal phone screen (or whatever).  It's absolutely a way to get you to, as you put it, brown-nose by saying you love working with people.  It's also a way for you to essentially get an idea of what qualities they're looking for and potentially 'self-select' out if you don't like what they're looking for in a skill set.  

Personally speaking, is it my favorite thing?  No, but it's not illegal.  I would recommend keeping this type of employer tactic in mind when you're job hunting, going forward. That's a fair point. I mostly came here to ascertain whether there was anything there or whether I was just victim to more unfair hiring methods that have kept me out for the last 400 applications. Judging by the fact all my comments get downvoted, I'll assume the latter. Ok, but even though you feel it's not fair I don't believe you can demonstrate it's illegal. I wouldn't hire a data scientist to sell vacuums door to door. I was told there were no right or wrong answers and I believed them. Lo and behold, there apparently were. I guess they were looking for people persons, and I answered the questions true to my anlytical nature. I'm not bad with people, which would have come across in an interview. If I get rejected after an interview, that's fair, that's fine. A personality test? No, that's not fair at all. More or less, yes. Then we had to take our 4 choices and rank them according to how we feel about them, and again on how they describe us. 

For example: "I like writing documents."
I would then have to place it 1-4 based on how I agree with the statement, and then again how I personally do with it./ Again, in what way do you feel that your disability disavantaged you here? To be clear, it was things like "I like working with the public!  Yes/No"? "No right or wrong answers"
*still fails* There wasn't anything about morals, it was literally just trying to get us to brown nose by saying we love working with people. I guess I failed for being too analytical I doubt that any court would find that discriminatory. Why did you feel it was? It was just some generic one given. Choose 4 things you love,  4 things you hate,  then rank them according to how much you love or hate them What kind of "personality assessment" was it?  I've seen them range from the Myers-Briggs type to the type that ask you situational questions, ex. "Someone takes office supplies from work. Is this okay?"  Who interpreted/reviewed the answers to the tests?  What was the purpose of it?

I did not find anything specific to Texas that says a personality test is illegal, but more broadly, these types of psychological tests can be illegal if they're used, or intended to, diagnose or indicate whether or not an individual has a mental illness.

That said, if the test was used as above, to indicate whether or not an individual is on a moral spectrum similar to the company, there does not appear to be any legal issue with that. What specific personality test was it? How many questions? The link you posted cites a lawsuit that determined a 503 question personality test was considered discriminatory because it was in fact used by doctors to diagnose certain conditions. Most personality tests would not meet these criteria. *natural disposition to answer in black and white*
*fails for not answering correctly* How could you be unfairly set up to fail because of your disorder if they didn't know about it? That's illogical.  You can't say this for sure, there are far too many variables here, and not nearly enough information.  You're not entitled to an interview, people get denied them all of the time, so again the specific facts matter a lot. Right, and I was denied an interview, which doesn't feel like a fair shot. 

Everyone had to take the assessment. It's *possible* you were unfairly singled out because of your spectrum disorder, but it's impossible to know with the information provided.  Some factors that might be involved would be if the career fair always does these tests for everyone and advertises that they do, or if they asked you to specially take one.  Some other factors include if you asked for interviews but people said they needed to see your personality test, when maybe they let others through without seeing them.

All of this is too complex for just your post to convey.  If you seriously believe you were discriminated against, you should speak with an Employment Attorney or an attorney that specializes in discrimination.  The specific facts of this are going to matter.

As a basic principle, you are not entitled to a job, but you are entitled to a fair shot at one. No. They asked all the usual "Are you a veteran" and "Gender" questions, but never if I'm disabled. (I usually hit no on it anyway since it's not too much of an impairment.) [removed]