 [deleted] That brings up a question. I tried to look up the definition of trespassing, particularly whether "property" is considered a lump sum. The question is, can a person be invited to a clearly separated section of a person's property, but trespass on the other part of that property? According to the internet you can be allowed to enter a mall, then be charged with trespassing for entering an Employee Only area. Because the guests were specifically told not to enter the barn, perhaps the same principle could apply.

IANAL, but I think it could be arguable that the guest was invited onto *every part of his property that is outside of the barn*, therefore he was trespassing. Yes, the boss knew that the dogs were potentially dangerous, but he took action to mitigate that risk. The trespasser circumvented the protections. [removed] And on the other hand you read on this sub that trespassing absolves you from liability, if you had no attractive nuisance.  That's...not going to work. The dog's death wouldn't be damages -- that would be a legal theory (an implausible one at that). Damages would be whatever the dog is worth (certainly a much smaller amount than you think), which is likely less than the costs, expenses and fees your boss would incur to bring the action. In other words he'll either lose or he'll lose.  Probably not. Negligence generally requires that a person ought to have--but failed to--perceive a substantial and unjustifiable risk. Without more, your example doesn't satisfy any of the requirements. 

But a loose nail in a room under renovation is significantly different than a dangerous dog, and significantly different facts lead to significantly different results.  [removed] Your boss's dog is being put down because (likely) your county has rules that people cannot keep dogs that are aggressive or dangerous to people. Unless your boss has evidence that this person antagonized the dog and forced it to attack him, your boss has a dog that is aggressive with people that he is not allowed to keep under local ordinance.

That your boss has this dog in violation of local ordinance is not the guest's fault. The best case your boss has is that the only reason the county noticed this violation was the guest, which is really no case at all. Your boss will lose the countersuit most likely.

As dreadpirater said, your boss's only recourse is to fight the county and prove the dog is not dangerous to people, which considering what the dog did, is a pretty hard case. This is ENTIRELY the wrong thing to do.  He will lose this suit, and if he manages to conflate this action with the dog's hearing somehow, he's more likely to lose the dog.  

What he needs to do is simply appeal the finding that the dog is dangerous.   He should have an opportunity to speak to the dog's history and provide evidence of training and socialization and general good behavior that will refute the order to destroy it.  

If he's getting a court order...   did he appear in court for a hearing?   Did he miss one already, so a default judgment was entered?  We need to know all the steps to really help. Since a dog could be considered property by law, the damages would be his dog’s death due to irresponsibility Your boss is countersuing a guest he invited to his property, who was injured on his property by his dog (also his property)... for what reason?

What damages or losses did your boss suffer that requires restitution? It's certainly possible. It depends on the hazard. If an adult walks into a room and can see hazards, they begin to assume some responsibility. But imagine you invite a kid over and give them instructions. Kids are stupid and YOU need to protect them from their own bad decisions.

In this case, it's one thing for someone to assume that they should watch out for hazards in your barn, but no one would assume they're going to get mailed by a dog to the point of a severed artery for being nosy.

You also have to consider the line between what happened and what you can prove. There's probably written evidence or at least witnesses that can attest to be invited to the property, but can those same witnesses attest that he was instructed not to go in the barn? Was he warned of the sheer danger he was in by opening that door? And moreover, even if he was warned, can you ever claim that owning an animal that would do that to a person is a responsible action? It's not super useful to use analogies like this. Negligence and cause of action are legal terms that vary from state to state and the interpretations vary from case to case. 

Stick with the dog. Yes, if you invite people over and they get mauled by your dog, you likely bear some responsibility, seek legal counsel. 

EDIT: Spelling. It really depends on the specific facts at hand in any given case. I just want to understand this. So, if I invite some people over to my house, and I give them a tour, but I pass my closed bedroom door and explicitly tell them, "That's my personal space which I am renovating, so don't go in there," and then later on one guest decides they want to snoop around so they go in and trip over a ladder and faceplant into a nail, I can be sued for negligence because I had known hazards in a closed area that I specifically warned guests to stay away from?  This doesn't really look good for your boss. He invited people onto his property, so the man wasn't really trespassing. Keeping a dangerous animal on a property where you're inviting guests is negligent. Negligent people get sued successfully for the injuries they cause, and dangerous animals get put down for the safety of the community.

I'm not trying to be a jerk here, but the facts that you're describing now don't really match the title of your post. I just texted him, will update you on the details once I receive any info Oh no, I got that part.  We want to know who ordered the dog put down and those details.  Call your boss!! I’m fairly certain it was a court order although my boss is launching a counter lawsuit against the man for trespassing.  My boss was having a house tour and told all of the guests to not go into the barn as that’s where he was keeping his dogs. An older man goes into the barn anyways without my boss’s permission and gets attacked by his dog, which leaves him in the ER with a severed artery OP, we're going to need more info on this.  Reddit loves dogs.  please follow up!!!
 If you have a question about moderation, ask that question as the removal message directs you to. [removed] [removed] In some states if a dog has wolf as a certain percentage of its pedigree, and it attacks a person it legally has to be put down.  The victim being a trespasser is not enough to save the dog. If a young kid wandered onto the property and the dog mauled or killed the kid, the kid trespassing would not be a defense against the dog being put down.

If the intruder was actually dangerous or threatening, that might be enough. If the injuries were minor, that would help. But “they were trespassing onto my property” is NOT a sufficient defense alone. IANAL. But I keep reading on this sub that dog warning signs aren’t great protection after all. Since it can be construed that you knew the dog was dangerous.  He should Not have to put it down. Only a judge can give that order and the dog was attacking a possible intruder. He should be the one in legal trouble. The hell does "wolf blood in its genetics" have to do with anything? You'll, of course, want an order from an actual judge rather than a demand from an opposing lawyer before you do so.

This may or may not come depending on your jurisdiction; some feel it's only reasonable to allow any defense against an unknown invasion, some feel it's barbaric to maim a man who could have been merely a disoriented drunk or a stranded motorist looking for shelter (even if there's counterevidence, the dog couldn't have known that since it's a dog), and most fall in between. Who ordered it Do not put the dog down until you know who ordered to do so [removed] Do not put the dog down.  Only a court can order that (and even if they do, he can appeal).  The man was tresspassing and the dog felt threatened by an unknown stranger.  

The Lexus Project may have slme resources: http://www.thelexusproject.org/resources We definitely need more information on this. Who is telling him this, location, and other circumstances. You don't have enough information for us to be able to answer this at all. Other than to say that someone treapassing on your property on its own does not grant you immunity from your pet mauling them. Maybe it would if there were ample signage posted and warnings of the dog.

Your friend should also probably expect to be sued for medical bills by the victim's health insurance, which will absolutely be interested in subrogating this claim of many tens of thousands if not $100K+. I hope he has solid liability insurance. I’m not sure because he hasn’t told me many details. The man is hospitalized with a severed artery and all he’s told me is he’s being ordered to put him down Who ordered him to put the dog down? A judge? Who is ordering him to do this?