 Location: Buffalo, NY. Age, 20 if it matters. My roommate moved out in December but his lease holds him liable until the end of May. He has refused to pay for his share of the rent for the month of February and will refuse to do so until the end of May. This will make the rent owed until May roughly $1200 in total. Despite me and my housemates talking to him, he's continued to refuse paying so I have no choice but to sue him in small claims court. How do I go about doing so? Should I pursue a lawyer? I've no experience in these matters and neither do my parents. It costs money to actually file, but generally asking the clerk for paperwork is free. yup, unfortunately didn't realize that gonna do that going forward Yeah I would be careful with that. If you all have separate leases you might not need to worry as only the other party will get evicted, but if you are all on a lease together youre a single entity.  Damn that sucks. Bedbugs, the landlord will remove We're currently not paying him the full amount as no one is budging to fill up the missing 300 dollars so he's threatening to sue us The bed bugs happened in december in which an exterminator came in. I only found out today that supposedly the bed bugs are still there. The lease is the contractual agreement we 5 had with the landlord. The landlord said he'll send in another exterminator Ok, thank you Unfortunately I think it would cost more for you in the long term. Right now he thinks hes getting away with not paying rent. Your landlord is getting paid regardless thank goodness and wont step in until the money stops coming in and at that point it will be an eviction of the current tenants which is bad news bears. If you file now you might get February payments in a months time but you will still be owed other months that you will have to refile for. Also if he cant pay February rent he likely wont pay you any sooner for February despite the judgement. Its easier to do it all at once. Additionally he might get spiteful, as horrible people are want to do, and start damaging property in the mean time. He can do a lot of damage without entering the "police hauling him off" criminal realm. Sucky situation. Id contact his parents if they are normal people. I wonder if I would inform the landlord of the situation and see if they have any additional tools you can use.  Lack of information here. By lease I meant what ever contractual agreement you had with just him unless he is on the lease since your original move-in date. So you've told the landlord about the situation and they have agreed to remove the bed bugs? By when? ok thank you You can only sue for what he currently owes you. Unless you want to sue him every month, just wait. You may also have to pay for the bedbugs to be removed. You'll likely want to include those fees when you sue.  The landlord is paying for the bed bugs, not us. Evidence. And properly filled out court forms. Do I need to wait til the lease has ended or can I file now? I can't file it while the lease is ongoing? He's refusing to pay (and we have screenshots/audio) for this month, and the coming months. Yes, I've looked at the online pamphlet but I want to know what can help me further my case. Do you know if it'll cost money for their time or is it for free? They can't really give you advice, but they can tell you where and how to file and what forms you need. You may be able to find all that by googling for your county courthouse + small claims court. They'll guide you on filling out the small claims paperwork required for your case. Visit the court house, small claims division, and ask the clerk for forms required. Read and research this matter online. Court website has most of the information you need to proceed. Meantime, find another tenant. Don't count on getting your money back from a lawsuit. You may very well win but collecting is another time consuming matter. Once you pay through the end of the lease you can file at your local court house. You won't need a lawyer. Keep any documentation of payments you make, a copy of the lease and any communications from the roommate.  You didn't include that. Take out the costs to remove the bed bugs in whatever security he gave you. There aare no lawyers in small claims court and you have no need for one. Document all financial transactions so far and get a copy of your lease as evidence. After the damages have been incurred, ideally after the lease and he moves out so he cannot pose a liability, you will want to file in small claims court for ~40$. You can add this 40$ to the damages you are pursuing which in this case would be 4 months of his share of rent. Once filed in small claims court you will need to serve him with notice. You can hire someone to do this pretty easily otherwise look up NY statues on the specifics of serving notice. Sometimes its as easy as sending a letter via certified mail. Show up to your court appearance. If they do not show up you get a default judgment. If they do show up simply demonstrate that they did not pay rent. You will be awarded your damages. Can I ask them advice on how to handle these or will they ignore me? How is the lease broken? His room is inhabitable as there are bed bugs. Lawyers don't handle small claims. Call your county courthouse for information.  Frankly I see this as a lose lose. If the lease is broken and he's gone, just forget it. Your time would be better spent just getting someone in there paying again. 