A swat team with Homeland security busted in my rental residence house in a good neighborhood in Irvine, CA and handcuffed me (U.S. citizen), my husband and my roommate in front of my 2 years old daughter. They took me outside in a police car, my husband and roommate were kept in living room while they seized cash from each room: $2,800 in a Bank of America envelope with receipt I just withdrew, $13,400 of my mother’s life savings she kept in a bank envelope with all necessary bank records (about 40 pages of withdrawal records &amp; activity) to prove it was her legal savings and she thought is safer to keep in my house, and $2,400 my roommate savings. They came because my husband allegedly violated pretrial instruction for sleeping at my place that night and they claim he was living at my residence and not his, therefore they somehow got a search warrant for whole house despite I was the only lessee and I am a law abiding citizen. He was in pretrial supervision for allegedly posting a software source code on a site and they claim is illegal. His pretrial instruction didn’t mention he can’t sleep at other address. We have proved in court that he only visited me few days that week and he was immediately released. In court, the agents who broke into my residence lied under oath about what items were seized and didn’t disclose to the judge the true amount of cash they seized and only declared my mother cash when in fact they pickpocket my money and my roommate cash and many more items they didn’t mention like professional camera, go-pro camera. They left us with a completely destroyed front door (estimated cost is $7000) and with no money. I also lost my job because I was forced to take off from work for court appearances.
We have no idea how and where to submit letters &amp; claim and we currently can’t afford a lawyer. Any help regarding this would be greatly appreciated! Did they use an explosive or something? Still having trouble picturing a $7,000 door and frame damaged from a search warrant breach. Or maybe this is a really high end home?  They took all money from my wallet and $2800 from my bedroom nightstand but didn’t disclose in court. the door is unique model and only custom order required by home association. Since I was not under investigation and never broke the law and I am the only lessee , I believe my rights were violated. Everything they seized they listed as my husband’s possession tough they were in my house and we had roommate  [deleted] [deleted] 1) How did you come to have ~$20,000 in cash in your apartment?

2) Why was none of this cash in bank accounts?

3) Was any of this cash obtained from illegal activity?

4) How much of this cash was obtained from illegal activity?

5) Do you have records of this cash being from legal sources?

6) Do you have proof that this cash was in your apartment in the amounts listed?

7) Can you provide a link that would show us this $7,000 door?

Regardless of the answers to these questions, you need an attorney.  If you can’t afford one then find a way to afford one.   Only recourse here is hiring an attorney. Possibly the same one representing your SO.  Sounds like civil asset forfeiture. Your property is guilty until proven innocent. Getting it back is an uphill battle even with a lawyer. Without one you will almost certainly not be getting it back. You have no claim here unless you can prove that you and your roommate really had large amounts of cash in the house - since 3 distinct people apparently have never heard of a bank account. And quite frankly, that kind of claim is run of the mill with search warrants. And what front door costs $7,000?