I was the victim of a robbery. I was followed home from Wawa by two young men. When I got out of the car the stuck me up, both had guns. They were found and all three guns had live rounds in the chambers. Obviously I dodged a bullet(hah but really not funny). Long story short I told police and ADA I was too scared to testify. These dudes know where I live and they tried to KILL me for a few dollars and a cell phone. The ADA explains that I HAVE to testify or she will do some shit where I end up in jail. I forget the word. So I would be sitting right next to the guys that robbed me. I can imagine how that would pan out. After pleading with her she explained she will put me into witness protection if it gets that bad. Well it got that bad. I refused to show up and every court date she sent the police to pick me up and bring me to the court house. Every time they told me if I did not go willingly I would be in holding with the thieves. I end up testifying and the guys family threatens me life on my way out of the courtroom. On top of that one of the guys got off!!! He was released days after.  After all that occurred I contacted the ADA and told her to put me into protection now. She explained while almost laughing at me that there is no witness protection at a county level. What we would have done is put an officer outside your house during the trial. Ok, now, I understand I'm fucking stupid for listening to her. Hasn't something gone terribly wrong here. I am now fucked in the head. For the past year I have been staying up all night to protect my family until they leave the house for the day. I'm scared to walk to my car. I have no more social life, no more girlfriend, no job, and no self esteem. I just feel like a stupid victim of the fucked up justice system. This is a total change in my life. I was always a happy person, always had a girlfriend, was able to keep a job. I am now unable to do anything but look out my window and make sure nobody is coming to hurt my family or me. Now I understand this may be hard to prove but there was a witness. It was a cop. He is square enough I think he would tell on her. I mean why lose his job. He was the one banging on my door on five different occasions. Intimidating me and my family members and harassment was the extent of his actions. What about this ADA though? I believe she messed up, bad. She looks like she is twelve years old. I think she is actually around 25 or so. Can anyone tell me if there is any point wasting time thinking about this? Should talk to a lawyer? What kind of lawyer would that be? Please help me out here. I was already and victim then just taken advantage of. Had I not been afraid of anything I would have told them to kick rocks and lock me up if they wanted to. Any advice? [removed] They already have Actual instances of revenge essentially never happen in real life.

The government does not have the resources to put every victim or witness into "witness protection" or whatever you thought you might get.

You don't have a case against them, but you also have essentially nothing to worry about from a statistical perspective.  You're hundreds or thousands of times more likely to die in a car accident than you are for these guys to come back for you.
