Hey,

So, two days ago I did something stupid.

I saw that Anderson .Paak is playing in Copenhagen, did a google search and hit the top result.

The site looked official enough ([onlineticketsshop.com](https://www.onlineticketsshop.com/dk/anderson-paak-the-free-nationals-billetter/royal-arena-kobenhavn-142205?gclid=Cj0KCQiAi57gBRDqARIsABhDSMpOO34fuLUuCdCf2IvfPh9sIU7Z66DXSDU6FTxdyncPjIEB8_Pt83QaAt6XEALw_wcB)), in Danish, and as I was both tired and eager to pull the trigger I bought two tickets for 202$.
All good and happy as I had one Christmas present down, I started to think again – "This is a bit much actually".
Then I went back and found that the tickets' original price is actually only 103 USD – what I bought was a service that would ensure me the tickets and then sell them on to me.

I immediately went to their support page, where the chat function was green yet disabled. Send them an e-mail that I'd like to cancel – no answer for 24 hrs. Finally got through and asked if I could cancel the tickets since they haven't even gone on sale yet – I got a very cocky talk (the guy giggled several times), and was told that I actually have no rights since it's a leisure product (or something like that).
I since then looked it up and found that the 14 day return right doesn't count for cultural activities etc.

Now my question is:

Is there anything I can do?

I haven't received anything yet, nor been charged yet.

I talked to my bank that suggested I could make a "soft blocking" of my credit card - but to my logic that would just mean I'd be owing them money and possibly be charged extra dunning fees, which I of course wouldn't want.

I just feel so ripped off, and more than anything, stupid.

So, so, so stupid – still I feel like I should be able to cancel a product that:

1) Hasn't been delivered or processed yet

2) The company haven't set anything in motion for - hence the tickets aren't even for sale yet.

Thanks in advance, and sorry for possibly weird English.

PS. If this doesn't belong here – could you please tell me where I should head with these questions? Unless Denmark has laws against this, they did nothing wrong.

You saw a product, agreed to the price, and now want to cancel? Reselling is perfectly legal.

 Thanks,

It's illegal to sell on tickets and the tickets would likely be unusable with my name. I've just messaged my bank to block my card temporarily until I get some more knowledge about whether it's legal to charge for their service in DK.

It's just a bit tricky for me since the company is in the Netherlands. [deleted] It will depend on what you agreed to. Blocking the payment method means they could just send you to collections or sue you.