 Over the last 4 weeks, I've had 3 interactions with my neighbor. the 1st interaction he came over to me and started barking orders to me and I just silently listened for a minute or two and then I got in my car and left and he said "hey i'm talking to you", like I had some sort of obligation to speak to him, which even if I did (which I don't), I wouldn't care because I was already running late to work, the issue wasn't that important. an important thing to note is this is all happening on city curbed parking, there aren't any lines that delineate spots. So we can park anywhere. I parked where I normally do and he specifically comes out of his house and I roll down the window and he barks orders even louder. He said I needed to be parked within a certain space. It escalated and I raised my voice to him that if I was doing something illegal ( I wasn't) that he could either call the police or I told him he could call the city. At that point he got even more pissed and barking even more orders. I cut him off and specifically said "Stop talking to me" 3 times. He said okay, went to my front door and talked to my brother about the situation. I realize this probably wasn't the best thing to do, but under the circumstances it was warranted. The entire time I've known him he always need to dominate the conversation/social dynamic. The 3rd interaction I had with him was when I was walking home from getting breakfast and I parked a bit more in line with what his parameters were out of coincidence. And then I am walking up the street and he says "Was it that hard to park like that, you fucking piece of shit". I ignored him and continued walking without breaking pace. It's important to note that he has a 2 car garage but he converted it into a entertainment center and uses 2 of the 8 parking spots that the HOA maintains for ~20 homes in our little area. I spoke to my therapist about it because the entire situation has been damaging to me, it has made my anxiety spike very very hard at times. I've been working on myself for a very long time and I have endured a lot of bullies. I try my best not to sink to their level. However I will not let myself be bullied. My therapist has stated he thinks this is harassment. The stupid thing is that I would have done what he had asked me if he had been respectful and polite. An important note, every single time I park in the area, I have done so legally. it's not like my car is out in traffic or anything. 1. Is this harassment or any other crime in Washington State? 2. Should I file a police report? 3. If I shouldn't file a police report, would it be advantageous to document the interactions and send a certified/return requested letter to his home stating that this is a final warning and if he does not cease any and all communications to me that a police report will be filed. 4. I honestly never want to speak to him again, so I would have zero issue filing a petition for a no-contact order against him. 5. If not options 2-5? What would be the best option moving forward? You dont qualify for an order of protection because the person is not a member of your household. You may request an anti-harrassment order. I personally find it doubtful that trying to talk to you twice about parking and calling you a nasty name once after you were repeatedly rude to him, by your own account, would rise to the level of harassment. Wishing you the best of luck in whatever you decide you need to do. There's an area on the other side of the road where we can park also it's just substantially further. I just park wherever is closest to my house. Even when it's super busy and there is a lot of people visiting, there isn't zero parking available. He is the person who turned his garage into an entertainment center and as a result takes up 3 parking spaces outside because our units in general are pretty small. He has also gotten angry at people not taking in their garbage bins from the curb right after collection. It's stupid, but I've worked too damn hard to not let people ruin my self esteem thus far and I'm not going to let him bully me around. I'm hoping an anti harassment order would be a good solution to this problem if this persists. Thanks you the reply!! I guess I’d park where it makes sense for the community. If you don’t want to be right next to a driveway or have a big car, I wouldn’t park in the area with 1.75 spots. You indicated there is a parking shortage with only 20 spots maintained by the HOA. However, I also don’t approve of the way your neighbor is handling it of course.  There's 2 lengths of curb, 1 is about 4-6 car lengths which is usually taken up. And the second is about 1.75 car lengths. You could fit two cars but it would be really really tight. It's also more likely to cause an accident because it forces one of the cars to be right up against the driveway.  Is it at all possible that the way you are parking is limiting the number of cars that can park next to you? Like are you leaving half a space open, so where 3 cars would normally fit, only 2 can park because of the way you are parking?   Thank you, I will follow-up with my HOA. I could go off and say something and it could be seemingly innocuous but if my body language isn't lining up with what I'm saying; I can absolutely intimidate, insult or threaten someone based on the context. I did some digging and found a civil order of protection which I think would apply in my case. =dv.legal#A1  In general its best to be polite to your neighbors, because they can make your life hell in many ways. Maybe work with your therapist on some good conflict de-escalation skills? As for legal advice, many HOAs have specific rules against garage conversions such as the ine you describe. You can read the HOA rules and make a complaint if he has broken them. You can petition the HOA to modify their rules. Otherwise there is nothing illegal about your neighbor telling you where he wants you to park. You dont have to do it as long as you are parked legally. If you dont do it, get dashcams in case the neighbor decides vandalism is a solution. 