Roughly two weeks ago, I was walking past the office areas of where I work and I heard my name come up. I ended up eavesdropping on my two bosses and they were both discussing the simple matter of them not liking me because I "have a punchable face" and I'm "just plain weird". One of them brought up that they want to fire me, but they can't simply fire someone because they don't like them and they said it'd be too risky to try and frame me for something or make up a reason to fire me, so one of them brought up just making my life here miserable and doing everything possible to make me quit of my own accord. They mentioned trying to isolate me and my crush, some girl that I like here.

Ever since then, I've noticed that me and my crush have barely seen each other at work, thanks due to the actions of my bosses. For starters, she's suddenly in charge of training new hires (something she's never done before) and the store has seen a sudden increase in the hiring of Native American men. And guess who's also Native American: My crush. And who's in charge of training these Native men? Also my crush. And not only that, but our bosses have suddenly implemented this new rule where each employee has a scheduled break time instead of breaking whenever we want. Me and my crush use to go on break together, but now me and her are on different break schedules and of course, her and the Native guys break together according to the schedule. And in the rare moments that me and my crush get together, our boss is magically there to swoop in and break us together. There was even one blatant incident when my crush was standing at the time clock waiting to punch in and my boss said to her "Hey, you should go talk to him (a Native guy) because he looks pretty lonely." and I could see my boss side-eyeing me while doing it.

The stuff with my crush aside, my boss has also just started saying things to me like "This job is going under pretty soon, so I'd just start looking for another job if I were you." It's so painfully obvious that he wants me to quit and I'd be able to pick up on it even if I hadn't overheard him and the other boss.

The thing is that I don't want to quit this job. I actually like it here. I get overtime, full benefits, and I'm paid well above the minimum wage. I'm able to support myself with this job and jobs like that are hard to come by in our small rural town of Bisbee, Arizona. I want to keep working here, but my bosses are making me miserable here with the intent of getting me to quit just because they dislike me for no apparent reason. Legally, is there anything I can do about this? Okay, we tried.  OP is being a dick.  Post is locked.   [deleted] Sounds like you're more upset about not being around your crush. Ask her out or move on. Kill 2 birds with one stone. If she says yes, cool! If she says no, oh well. No need to worry about not being around her anymore. It's also possible that management has noticed that two of their employees are distracted when they are allowed to socialize during work time. Or they may have noticed that multiple employees breaking together was leaving insufficient coverage on the floor. I managed a work area for a few years, and we too had to start more strictly enforcing mandated break times after large groups started taking advantage of the suggested break time frames we gave them and would leave us short staffed when they all left at once.

Either way, socializing with your coworker isn't something you have a right to during work hours.  If you enjoy your job, what is the legal problem?  Your employer has no responsibility to provide you time with your crush, they are paying you to work. It seems very probable that either she complained, or they noticed that you were not attending to your duties while you were socializing with her. Your crush has a right to go to work without being hit on by a coworker. This idea you have that they have changed hiring practices and promoted your crush simply to drive you away is pretty far fetched.  Yes? You are asking for legal advice. Legally you don't have to quit, legally they can fire you, legally they don't have to let you work with your crush. Did I miss anything? [deleted] Sometimes when someone is afraid of making a situation worse they will try to defuse it by saying things like "Oh, i wish we could still work together" and yet be relying on the management to keep you away from her.

Legally, they can fire you with no reason at all, so I doubt they have any motivation to "Make you quit"

They also don't employ you to spend time with your crush, so "legally" there is nothing you can do to force them to spend time with her.

Do your work and don't quit if you like it, and spend time with your crush outside of work. That is your legal solution to this situation.  [deleted] Yes. Glad it makes sense to you.  [deleted] Just ask her out and stop having to use work excuses to get together. [deleted] Knock off the condescension.  You’re an idiot. Comment removed.  [deleted] [removed] NAL but Are you sure this isn’t due to a complaint from your crush? Have you made your crush feel uncomfortable? Based on what you described thats how it reads to me...

 [deleted] [removed] They could just fire you.  Or they can do what they are doing.  It's legal to discriminate as long as they aren't discriminating against a protected class. If you don't want to quit, then don't quit.  You should find a new job.