Posting this on Mobile.  TL;DR at the bottom.

Location: Georiga

Backstory: I work in construction, I hang drywall. I dont work for a specific company or union. I work by the day anywhere between $100-$150 dollars a day. Its all cash no payroll or check. Im basically independent, I help out various contractors at any given time. I have been helping out a family friend every now and again these past 2 years. He has his own work van and tools, but doesnt have a steady work crew because he doesnt have consistent work. He lives 30 mintues from my house, in construction the boss picks up the crew and takes them to work and back, its always been like this. A few months ago we got back from work to his place pretty late and he was to tired to drive me home so he asked if i wouldnt mind taking a uber, i said no problem. Its him, myself and his wife in the car, he tells me his debit card info and i put in the uber app as a method of payment. I used it to go home with his permission. Since then, i have used his card to get to his house from mine or vice versa with his permission. Two months ago he owed me some money and I used his card for a total of roughly $20 in uber trips, without his permission. He contacted me, we talked about and he said it was ok and paid me what he owed me. A few weeks ago, there had been no work and i was tight on money. I asked him for permission if i could use his card for some uber trips, he said yes and i was to pay him back when we got some work, in total it was $86 in uber trips. He finally got a job the other day in North Carolina, i went to help him out yesterday, its roughly a 2 and a half hour drive. Pretty big house in the mountains its a 3 day job. I have applied for various jobs, I had to go in for a drug tests today. So i couldn't help him out today and i told him that yesterday at lunch time. Hes not going to pay me a full days work because its such a long drive so its not worth it for me to go with him anymore. So i tell him i cant help him tomorrow(Saturday). He gets pissed and sends me like 50 messages throwing all the favors he's done for me in the past(just the uber trips, nothing else). He demands that i pay him the $86, i tell him just to keep my payment from a days worth of work. He says he cant pay me because he cant finish the job and cant find ANYBODY to help him. He said he's going to the cops and the bank to report that i stole that money for uber trips EVEN THOUGH i have his written permission via text message. Its $86, is there a case here? Should i be worried? We're both U.S citizens and ive never had legal trouble. Should i cut my losses and pay the $86 or let things play out?

TL;DR: Boss gave me written permission to use his debit card for uber trips and now he wants to report to the police and bank that i stole the money.

Thanks for any info! Damn right, thanks for your insight. Im finally getting an actual job working in maintenance. Hourly rate, good benefits! Heres to a new year!  Damn right, thanks for your insight. Im finally getting an actual job working in maintenance. Hourly rate, good benefits! Heres to a new year!  IANAL, of course, but hold up for a second. 

You have documentation that an individual gave you permission to use a card for a transaction, but that same individual has been essentially paying you under the table for work?

“Approved” Fraud and other considerations aside, the last thing this guy wants to do is go to the cops, because in order to do so, he would eventually have to outright admit he’s paying people under the table. 

A) you have documentation that he told you to make a purchase with his card 
B) he’s potentially breaking a hefty number of tax regs because you might actually be considered an employee, especially with the use of his van, his tools, and the time requirements. 

So yea - I’d say he has no case. Again, IANAL, but I’m fairly confident that you could calmly bring this up with him and it would essentially disappear. 