So a fair warning this is happening in Israel, but to the best of my knowledge the roles concerning this are mostly the same in America and in europe so that shouldn't matter. (If someone knows a similar Reddit for Israel I'll be happy to be pointed in the right direction).

My friend worked for a local newspaper for about a year and they only paid him a very small amount of what was agreed upon, I belive what they actually paid was below minimum wage. He was paid in cash and not properly registered, which is common in my country with people in their early 20's or below (he was 16). So my friend tried to talk to them and that obviously didn't work. Turns out they guy who runs the paper has a history of not paying and has lost simular cases, so he sues. I went with my friend to deliver the initial papers and gather his signature as a proof of that and my friend is clearly scared of him, doesn't look like much to me.. anyway court date comes up and no one representing the employer arrived to court and my friend has proved that he has his work in the paper and that we have given the notifications to the employer so the judge says to give the money+expenses for the court+compensation to my friend within 30 days of delivery of the verdict to the employer which is sent by mail by the clourt. 30 days go by and the employer askes to overturn the ruling caiming my friend works for a freelancer that was working with the paper and never actually as part of the paper and that no one in the paper knows him. My friend can't really prove that that's a lie. On the other hand the document is poorly constructed, listing one of the reasons why the ruling should be turned around as simply "justice", or threatening to sue my friend's lawyer who by the way was never hired but just offered to help out of the goodness of his heart. Also the document is full of lies that are proven to be lies such as saying that we never delivered the initial papers and so the employer didn't know that he was even being sued.

The only thing that is worrying me about this is the claim that my friend worked for and was paid by a freelancer which is a claim we can't really prove wrong. Do you think that considering the rest of the lies and poor performance of the employer's lawyer there's a reason to worry about that? Should we try to get casenumbers for other simular cases aginst the employer?