Hi all! I live in IN and a friend (25/m) of mine (we haven't really been close lately, but used to be good friends) was arrested after a long investigation, which culminated in police and SWAT raiding his house. He was charged with a multitude of things, most notably selling synthetic marijuana, along with having other drugs and needles in his room.

What bothered me though, is that they arrested his 63-year-old father for having a small amount of weed and "maintaining a common nuisance". It just upsets me because his dad is retired and super nice, and it sucks they had to bother him for the tiny amount of weed he smokes occasionally. But my main question is, what is maintaining a common nuisance?

I looked up the definition but from what I can tell, it's because his father owned the house that his son used drugs in? I know that my friend didn't sell out of the house, and that his dad had no idea he was selling or using drugs. I know you might say that his father should have known, but most of the things the cops found (big bags of synthetic weed, weed pipes, other drugs like cocaine, needles) were in my friend's safe in his room. Can they really argue that his father knew about this and charge him? I don't think there's any way they can prove it, and his son will definitely confirm that his father wasn't aware.

Thanks! &gt; having that small bit of weed isn't actually illegal in IN? 

Could be.  I didn't look it up.  I'm just going off your description that he was arrested for it.  If he was arrested, then the police (felt) they had probable cause that he was breaking a law.  Part of the problem with discussing specifics in this forum is that we are pretty far removed from first hand knowledge as to what's going on. Ah, I gotcha. I was referring to his son's situation but you're right, that makes sense. Although the first commenter said that having that small bit of weed isn't actually illegal in IN? I'm not sure, I'll do some more research. Thanks! Here, appears to be the law:

[https://definitions.uslegal.com/m/maintaining-a-common-nuisance/](https://definitions.uslegal.com/m/maintaining-a-common-nuisance/)

"Knowingly" appears to be an element of the crime.

And, yes, maintaining the structure for distribution, manufacture, and what not are part of the law, but so too is:

&gt;(b) A person who knowingly or intentionally maintains a building, structure, vehicle, or other place that is used one (1) or more times:  
&gt;  
&gt;(1**) by persons to unlawfully use controlled substances;** or

Since he, himself unlawfully used a controlled substance in the house, he is going to have a difficult time defending that he had no knowledge.

He needs an attorney.

&amp;#x200B; They didn't bother him for having a small amount of marijuana (which is actually illegal in Indiana). They bothered him because his idiot kid is running a drug operation out of his father's house and is pissing off all of the neighbors. The prosecutor charged everything possible because it encourages a plea, amps the odds of seizing the house, and helps restore the neighborhood to normal. 

Maintaining a common nuisance could be a number of things but maintaining a drug den or a house where drugs are known to be used and sold certainly fall under that standard. Yes, they can charge him and almost no one will believe the kid.