I moved into a apartment with my wife on November 5th on a lease takeover. The apartment condition was in dire need of cleaning and fixing. We had to clean up everything as landlord (RAM Property Management) refused to do anything “we don’t do anything it’s a lease takeover, it’s your responsibility”. Okay fine...but the smoke detector wasn’t working and I notified the landlord on November 6th (next day of moving in) through an email with picture attached. I thought it was critical because the apartment has gas heating. She just said “okay noted”. Yesterday late morning, I woke up to loud banging on the door and there were fire fighters due to a gas leak. We were sleeping so didn’t know a thing. Luckily, the Canada Post mailman who came to deliver a package smelled the gas outside and called 911. 

We are still in shock (and angry)...it could easily have been a leak inside the apartment and we would have died (or seriously injured) without anyone noticing! Just because the negligence and lack of professionalism of the landlord who think they can get away with anything. 

The firefighters checked everything and found a few leaks in the gas pipes on the outside of the apartment wall and called Uniongas to come fix it. Also, they put up a new smoke detector in our bedroom because the water heater (geyser) is in the bedroom inside a closet! 

Are there any Canadian rental laws that apply to this situation? Can I sue the landlord so they come to their senses?  In some provinces. Carbon monoxide testers are required in Ontario if there are fuel burning appliances (e.g. natural gas heaters or stoves), for example: [https://ottawacitizen.com/news/local-news/carbon-monoxide-alarms-now-mandatory-in-ontario-homes](https://ottawacitizen.com/news/local-news/carbon-monoxide-alarms-now-mandatory-in-ontario-homes)  Your province matters - tenancy law varies by province.

And not every province requires carbon monoxide detectors. They don't actually detect gas. There for detecting CO2 which is silent odourless and deadly.  Also where I live it is a legal requirement of the landlord to carry out annual gas safety checks which includes testing the CO2 alarm.  Are you not confusing a smoke detector for a CO2 detector. But you can get combined smoke/CO2 Detectors  [deleted] It seems pretty obvious that OP meant natural gas detector. [deleted]