The prevalence of scooter and bike sharing has created quite the uproar with many home and business owners in some cities. Users will ride the equipment and then dump it...wherever...sometimes on private property. 

&amp;#x200B;

Would creating a company that served as a scooter/bike "towing service" be legal? Would we pick up the equipment and hold it, and send a bill to the scooter/bike company? Do there have to be signs posted on the private property to enforce this? What other issues might we run into, legally-speaking, if we picked these up and held them until payment was rendered? That's true. 

The number of complaints in /r/nashville about this makes me wonder how frequently it occurs. For businesses, the prior agreement would be much easier. For homeowners, I guess they just need to be sufficiently pissed off to stick around wait to sign for someone to take it, as opposed to just tossing it out into the street.

&amp;#x200B;

Appreciate your insight and questions. &gt;As for getting an individual agreement, that could occur upon arrival at the property in question, no?

Best to get it in writing beforehand.

There's no guarantee that the property owner, an agent of the property owner, or someone with the authority to give you permission is going to be available or reachable to give you permission whenever you randomly show up. &gt; And that's just the "getting permission" part of this (outside of the individual agreements you'd need with each and every private property owner allowing you to "tow" from their property). 

&amp;#x200B;

As for getting an individual agreement, that could occur upon arrival at the property in question, no? 

&amp;#x200B;

I get that there would be lots of business/tax implications. I wanted to ascertain the legality (or what it would take to become legal) before going down the business plan road. Sure, it *may* work.

The city would likely, at least initially, require you to:

1. Be some kind of business entity (corporation, LLC, etc.)
2. Have hefty insurance coverage
3. Pay fees for licensing

And that's just the "getting permission" part of this (outside of the individual agreements you'd need with each and every private property owner allowing you to "tow" from their property).

Your tax situation is going to change as well as you're now running a business.

And that's all assuming that the type of business you want to start complies with the law and you have the legal authority to do what you want to do.

Talking to the city would likely be the first step. This is why I posted. :) Thanks for bringing up the points.

Working a deal with the city (who required the companies to post a notice on the scooter, or user agreement in app) could work, no?  Okay. \*If\* cities felt like it was becoming a problem, could they require the companies to put a sticker on the bike/scooter or maybe include language in the user agreement that allowed for such seizure? My first hurdle would be to get approval from the municipality it seems.

&amp;#x200B;

It benefits the city, because they wouldn't have so many complaints from private property owners. It would alert the user so they would be aware of the problem. Much like an offender who gets a ticket in a rented vehicle, the company that rents it out knows who to bill. The scooter company just passes the buck along to the offending user (maybe then setting up an agreement with them to simply ticket the user and move the scooter, instead of actually towing it).  Yeah, that's just not gonna work, and here's why.  Most states and/or municipality heavily regulate towing.  Every piece of private property that you contract with would likely have to display conspicuous signage warning that the scooter/bike will be "towed" if left there.  Herein lies the issue.  Whoever drops that scooter/bike there is not the owner.  Your beef is with them.  Since the owner obviously had no warning that the scooter/bike would be "towed" if left on this property, you cannot legally "tow" it.  If you do, and then demand payment for their property back, that's what we like to call extortion.  

&amp;#x200B;

You would certainly be within your rights to move it from private property to a sidewalk or such, but there's no legal way to do what you're suggesting.   You still can't withhold property in lieu of some arbitrary cash payment, even if the scooters were left on your property.

Tow trucks have licenses and the legal authorization to do what they do, bestowed upon them by the cities/localities in which they operate, and in agreements made with the private property owners. Not just "where it isn't supposed to be." Maybe I didn't make that clear. It would have been left on private property. It would be the same, in my feeble mind, as a tow truck taking your illegally parked car on private property. &gt;What other issues might we run into, legally-speaking, if we picked these up and held them until payment was rendered?

Theft charges, perhaps?  Sounds semi-extortion-y, too.

You can't just take someone's property, withhold it from them, then charge them some arbitrary amount of money that they did not agree to beforehand.  You have no legal authority to withhold someone else's property in lieu of payment, even if that property was not where it was supposed to be.