 

Hey guys,

Three weeks ago I posted a video called 'Eating at the Worst Reviewed Restaurant In My City'. It was the number one video on [r/videos](https://www.reddit.com/r/videos) for an evening, it got picked up by Unilad, it went fairly viral. I have since done two more 'worst reviewed' videos. You can find them at my channel PhilipSoloTV.

This morning, I woke up to a video by Vice called 'I got a tattoo from Yelp's worst-rated tattoo parlor'. If you watch both videos, you may concur that IT APPEARS that they have taken not only my idea but my whole format. What's even worse is that this appears to be the first episode of their new show called 'One Star Reviews', which means this is something they will now consistently do. Copyright does not cover ideas, only the expression of those idea. Lookup the idea-expression divide for more info.  &gt;  If you watch both videos, you may concur that IT APPEARS that they have taken not only my idea but my whole format. 

I've seen your videos. I'm even subscribed.

I can say that I don't concur, at least not with the current episode.

Format goes far beyond the nature of a video, it also encompasses presentation, and substantive content. Your videos are quite different in delivery, style, and substance from theirs.

&gt;  Is there anything I can do about this? 

Make more. Become more popular.

&gt; Can I even keep doing my own 'worst reviewed' show if they've now assumedly copyrighted the concept?

Without agreeing with the assumption, yes. Abstract concepts are not subject to copyright protection.

It's also worth noting that you were not *anywhere* near the first person to do a YT video trying out the "worst reviewed X". [removed] Using a similar format and idea is legal, you cannot copyright an idea only the content you make with that idea. If this type of thing weren't allowed then half of all reality shows would be illegal. IANAL What is your legal question? Sounds like they used the same idea as you, but that's not illegal.