Hi everyone!

I've been prescribed medical marijuana for a little over a year now for some extreme anxiety/depression. I've tried all kinds of meds, but this actually works for me. 

Now, I used to manage a dispensary - Cannabis use was ~~kind of~~ a given. Not only would my higher-ups allow it, they'd often join me on my joint breaks. My company had to unfortunately lay me off, leaving me to take a retail associate gig while I wait to find something in my industry.

I've stopped taking my medicine before/during work hours but this is leaving me pretty crippled with anxiety - I've even had to call in sick due to my nerves. I'm really afraid that medicating could lead to me losing my job, despite the fact that I'm not some bumbling stoner when on my medication.

Does anyone know what my rights are here? Even though it's legal, I'm worried they'll see me as some sort of liability(despite being in customer service/not driving).

&amp;#x200B;

Thank you &amp; take care. Hi!
Thank you so much for taking the time to reply. I will be following up with my doctor for a note specifying everything &amp; rolling a joint in your honour tonight! Canadian lawyer here.

So, your employer has a duty to provide reasonable accommodation in respect of your disabilities, to the point of undue hardship. You have a corresponding duty to provide the necessary medical evidence to establish the need for accommodation. This is usually a letter from your doctor that you are prescribed cannabis for a medical purpose (no need to state what the diagnosis is),  that other medications that do not have impairing side-effects have not worked for you, and that the prescription is such that you will continue to be able to perform your job safely. If you need to use during the work day, the letter needs to state that.  Your doctor needs to know what your job is and what your duties are to be able to write this letter. You also need to discuss with your doctor what dosages / timing is safe for you to use while working and follow those instructions. 

However, keep in mind that your provincial health and safety legislation prohibits you from being at work in a state where you are impaired to the point where you cannot work safely. The threshold of permissible impairment depends on your job - its much lower if you operate machinery than if you are a desk jockey. It can be zero in some safety sensitive jobs.  See [https://www.labour.gov.on.ca/english/hs/pubs/impairment.php](https://www.labour.gov.on.ca/english/hs/pubs/impairment.php).

If you are terminated without your employer determining if you can be accommodated, then see an employment or human rights lawyer. I am in Ontario, thank you!
I've told my GM I have a medical card, but kept it just at that. They didn't really inquire further.
My main fear is my Regional Manager - she has a reputation for being less than understanding. She interviewed and hired me, and has no idea I'm a medical user(given my past experience, I'm sure she assumes i smoke a bit) You could be entitled to accommodation under human rights legislation. What province are you in? If in Ontario, call the Human Rights Legal Support Centre. 

Have you talked to your employer about your need for accommodation? 