Hey everybody,

Ok I'm a 27 yr old AA (african american) male and the mother of my 2 year old son is a 27 yr old CW (caucasian woman) we split up over a year ago. She left him with me in august 2017 and she got on drugs, when it all happened she had no contact with him for over 2 months and at the beginning of 2018 she finally started getting back into his life, we agreed on 50/50 time but I have him monday-friday and she gets him MAYBE every weekend, I recently found out today that she may be back on drugs and may have had my son around some "unsavoury" company.  I've had enough and I can't take it anymore and my son doesn't deserve that, I live in texas, so i guess im just asking, if i take her to court for full custody of my son, what should I do? How should I prepare for it? What are my chances of actually winning full custody of him? She also has his SS card and is planning on claiming him even though after we broke up I moved in with my father and she was out doing whatever she wanted and I've had him 90% of the time this year and since I've been unemployed most of this year my father has been picking up the slack and i planned on letting him claim me and him.

Thank you so much for reading, I'm sorry if my grammar is off I'm just so frustrated and I'm also typing this on my cell phone. I am a child protective services investigator.

As to the mother using illegal substances, I would encourage you to document all evidence you can gather of that allegation. You should file for emergency custody of your son as soon as possible. Because you are aware of her substance abuse and that she could potentially expose your child to unsafe persons, if your son were harmed or exposed to her substance abuse and it came to light that you were aware of these issues, BOTH of you could lose custody of the child. The mother, obviously, for exposing the child to substance abuse and unsafe persons, and you for failure to protect him from exposure to the mother’s unsafe activities.

I agree with the previous poster. You should have your father apply for temporary guardianship, as it seems you will be residing with him until you get on your feet. Thank you man, i recently got a job so ill be handing everything he needs but were still gonna be living under his roof With your father picking up the slack, and you living under his roof, the best plan of attack is to probably have your father apply for "temporary legal guardianship" of your son until you can become better established in the eyes of the court.

That would just mean that his mother would not be able to take him under any circumstance if your father didn't agree to it. It would keep your son out of harms way and give you time to get it together to prove to the court that you can be his "sole provider." It's difficult to prove to the court that you're stable enough to have full custody. 

But with your father getting temporary legal guardianship, that would mean that once you're able and set up, you could both go to court and your father could relinquish his guardianship of your son to you, as you gain full custody of your son! 

Just an idea that's simple, and will keep your little boy safe! Good luck partner! I've saved the messages but i didn't know i could record the calls, and i will start saving every receipt as well, thank you for that Unrelated to the legal advice people will give, start backing up all texts and emails from her. Start a journal noting dates and times where she appeared to be using drugs. Start recording phone conversations too, Texas is a one party consent state so you don’t have to tell her. 

Also, start tracking your spending with your child to help get custody. Showing that you are acting as the almost sole provider will help you. I planned on it, I was just seeing if anybody would have any other advice. But thank you and I will be looking into one. All the more reason to get an attorney I just wanted to cover all the facts, I'm not really that confident with my knowledge of the law. You really need a family law attorney to represent you here.

Preparing you for a hearing/trial is beyond the scope of this sub.

Also, I don't really know why you included the races of the people involved- they're legally irrelevant.