My wife suffered a miscarriage recently. Upon returning to her OBGYN, the doctor said she was in danger and needed immediate surgery and a blood transfusion. So, she had me rush her to the hospital (It was literally next door). When it came time to pay, her insurance said the hospital was out of network and that they did not cover it. So, I was slapped with a bill for 22k. Following this, we appealed the claim because the doctor said it was a life of death emergency and we did not have time to weigh options. They, however, denied the appeal and we are back to square one. Is this something I can successfully handle with litigation or should I pursue a different angle? It was out of network and they paid 1200 of the 24000 bill. That 1200, according to them, was their out of network portion. Need more info. If it's out if network, your insurance may only pay 80% and you cover the rest. It's not unreasonable for an emergency surgery and hospitalization to run over $100k  so your portion could legit be $22k.  Look into your policy deeply. Did the insurer deny the claim altogether and pay nothing? Or did they pay at some reduced rate for out-of-network services?  Are there terms of the policy that suggest they should do otherwise? 

You need to frame your appeal in the context of whatever term of the policy the insurer failed to uphold.  Likely both the hospital and the insurer have some form of patient advocate who can help. [deleted] Thank you for the advice. I'm trying to figure out what I can use to boost my case for this one. I simply want to convey the point that it was life or death and we had to go. Your coverage is subject to the terms of the policy. Which undoubtedly provide for emergency treatment at the nearest facility when warranted, likely under some conditions of deductible and/or coinsurance.  

If the insurer properly processed the claim under appropriate terms of the policy, litigation may not change the outcome. If the insurer made some kind of error litigation could be a remedy. You should exhaust the appeals and patient advocacy channels first. Litigation is slow and expensive. 