 My boyfriend’s family moved out of the rental home into a new house in December 2017, both located in Miami Florida. Upon moving out, the landlord did not give back the security deposit due to charges my boyfriend’s family believes are fraudulent. As the old rental home is now for sale, they have asked me to call the realtor to schedule a tour for me. The realtor will be under the assumption that I intend to purchase the house. When inside, I will be taking pictures of the entire house to send to my boyfriend’s family, where they will use the pictures in a lawsuit against the old landlord. Is lying to the realtor to take the pictures for a case illegal? Did I break any laws in this situation?  Wait so you're acknowledging that your boyfriend's family DID damage the property?? And they only want to dispute it because the landlord hasn't fixed those damages? If they caused damage to the property enough for the landlord to keep the security deposit it probably hurt the resell value. Unless it was very minor wear and tear damage I would think trying to get the deposit back is gonna be a hard sell. I’m sorry, I totally made a typo. They moved out of the home in December 2018, not December 2017. We have documentation of the walk through before the family moved in, photos of their move out in December, and photos from February 2019 where the house is now for sale and no damages were fixed, the house was only painted. It's not illegal but it's also not really evidence of anything. Your boyfriend's family moved out over a year ago. If they wanted to dispute the charges that was the time to do it. The landlord has had more than enough time to fix the damages by now so any pictures you take now would be useless in court. This is why you should always do a move out inspection if possible. Or at least take pictures/document the condition of the property when you leave it. Legal and a smart move There is no law that says you actually have to be in the market to look at houses with a realtor. The realtor will have TONS of people that view the house and turn it down. Lots of them might even take pictures for future reference.  Could you elaborate a little more? I’m paranoid.  Perfectly legal to lie in this situation. 