First of all Im not quite sure it belongs here but I guess I need some explanation or guidance how to deal with this matter.

&amp;#x200B;

So today after watching an youtube video of a female  youtuber I searched her up on google to see her bio, as you might know google shows images straight away when you search someone's name, and as I glanced at the images of said youtuber, there was an image of a nude child, a full nudity photograph of a 6 or 7 year old girl.

&amp;#x200B;

I legit felt sick I don't know how to deal with this, as I clicked the '' Images tab '' there were tons, and I mean tons of these photos, and all from the same website, I searched up on google how to report child pornography but a lot of people say that I can get accused of difamation if i wrongfully accuse someone for child pornography.

I chose not to share the link or the website name here since I don't want to risk distributing possible child porn.

I did some research on the website ( without looking at a single picture I assure you  ) because I just got left stupid at how such site could exist without getting taken down, they have a '' Legal '' tab on their home page, that left me questioned if I'm way too sensitive or if it's just plain wrong and false, in such tab we can read : 

" Our site does contain some nude images and videos of children.  Although some may rationalize their objection on arbitrary moral grounds, we endeavor to strictly adhere to U.S. law, under whose jurisdiction this site operates. "

So is it actually legal this website is blarring full nudity images of little child ?  

Also, I'm portuguese  and living in France, can I get in trouble just because I got in contact with this pictures ? Care I did not share, click in them or anything like that, I'm scared since the last thing I want is to get involved with justice for child pornography

&amp;#x200B; &gt; but a lot of people say that I can get accused of difamation if i wrongfully accuse someone for child pornography.

This is not true. In most jurisdictions, defamation is only applicable if you knowingly distribute false information. So long as you have a good-faith belief that this web site may be distributing child pornography, you are legally protected in reporting them to the appropriate authorities. [deleted] It's legal for the same reason that bathtub photos of your kids are legal. I'd report it, then forget about it.  [deleted] [deleted] if you're worried, report it, they'll look into it and decide whether further action is necessary. Stop going on the site.  Not every picture of a nude child is child pornography.

You can safely report the content [here](https://report.cybertip.org/). Generally speaking nude pictures that are not sexually explicit are not child pornography but that can vary by location. This is obviously bothering  you so stop doing this "research". 