I am a recovering drug addict. Got caught with 0.3 grams of mushrooms 2 years ago and just got on deferred probation so I’m not worried. Last December I was caught with a cocktail of drugs. Here’s how:

I was driving to my parents for Christmas from college. A state trooper pulled me over for not using a turn signal to change lanes (traffic violation). He told me to get out of the car and I complied. The officer asked for to search the vehicle and I said no so we simply waited there for around 30 minutes without him telling me what was going on. Another officer showed up and brought a K-9 unit to sniff around the car. The dog was alerted and they proceeded to search the vehicle. Illegal drugs were found and they arrested me and took me to jail on December 21st. When I was in jail an agent from DPS told me to say where I got the drugs and I fully complied (dealers aren’t your friends, they never visited me in jail). I also allowed them to search my phone records for any instance of me dealing (I was not so they didn’t find anything)

It’s been about a year since bail. I did a 115 day residential addiction recovery program and have been sober ever since. 

So I’ve been sober for almost a year now with pending charges awaiting indictment while I work as a waiter paying off my first charges.

Any advice? should I just suicide?  I doubt anywhere will state a half hour MV stop is unreasonable.  It’s close to the edge of how long you can hold someone but I’ve seen 45 minute waits upheld many times before. 2nd degree drug possession
Two 3rd degree drug possession
Misdemeanor for marijuana  NAL but I have seen reference here to some states will not allow you to be held like you were in the second charge when you refuse a search.  You are supposed to be just cut loose at that point.  Again, NAL but it might be worth looking into because maybe it could help get them dropped. I don't have any knowledge in the subject but just asking what weight was that cocktail because for the mushrooms it shouldn't be a ground drastic action against you ... What was the charge from the new offense? He doesn’t respond because I’m not indicted yet Have no money for an attorney and my court appointed one doesn’t respond to any calls or emails  &gt;Any advice?

If you're indicted for this second offense you should consult an attorney.  Both with respect to defending you in your new charges and the disposition of your deferred adjudication in the prior offense.  Well firstly, congrats on 115 days sober. Glad you're staying the course man. 

What has the lawyer (private or public defender) who assisted you here said regarding this?