So quick back story. Won a case over a fake production company for work I had done. Sued the owner and won. He's been super difficult. Skipped first debtor examination until they threatened to issue warrant and when he showed up claimed he had no money and such. Got his paystubs at least and am currently in the process of garnishing his wages. We are coming up on 120 days and I am going to do a second debtor examination and I have much more stuff id love to subpoena but I also want to know exactly what I can ask for.

&amp;#x200B;

1) He claimed he had no car at the debtor examination but I actually followed him when we left the courthouse and snapped pictures of him getting into a car and driving away. Got the license and everything. Can I subpoena the registration for this car?

2) He has a cell phone and the judge made a comment about how I could garnish his phone payments so that any payment he sent would be sent to me. He scoffed and said "good luck finding out whose name its in" (the guys a scumbag) So could I subpoena him to bring in his phone records if I know this is a phone he uses? I was kind of unprepared for my first debtor examination and only after I left did I realize I shouldve just made him tell me whose name the phone was in right then and there.

3) His "company" is still out there shooting things so I've seen quite a few social media posts of things hes shooting with high dollar video equipment as well as some posts that have cars in them (license plates visable). Since this stuff has to do with the company he is the "owner" and "CEO" of could I subpoena anything with that?

4) I discovered that his son goes to a private school in the area. If he is claiming he has no money but his son goes to private school could I subpoena his sons tuition payments? See how he is paying for this.

5) Saw that he didnt put down all his bank accounts on the debtor examination form. There is actually a bank account on his pay stubs he uses for direct deposit which is different than any of the ones he gave me. Its just the last 4 numbers and I have no idea what bank it is but I also want to subpoena that.

6) 2017 tax returns. Just to see how much hes paying and how much he claims. Thats just for overall understanding of his finances. Can I subpoena that?

7) 2017 Business filings. Kind of same situation. Just to see if he has any business dealings he is hiding.  Is that too broad? Also would love to subpoena this because he has "interns" he has hired so I dont know the laws but pretty sure you cant have interns working for you if you arent a business. (correct me if im wrong on that though) Oof! That’s a pile of crap, sorry to hear it. Eventually a judge will get tired of his shenanigans, but until they do, it’s your headache to manage. You can force a sheriffs sale in some jurisdictions, if you think he has toys or other assets worth seizing, look into your options there. I wish you luck! Just found out my wage garnishment cant go through because he has already reached the maximum amount of garnishments allowed in the state. told you he was a scumbag. Honestly some of my reasoning for going this far is because he has skipped so many court hearings. He skips until they issue the warrant warning then shows up. I would like to have all this so if he doesnt show up I can make a case to issue a warrant for him due to his repeated absenses. this long list of stuff may spook him into not showing to maybe "buy more time" I can also get him to reveal info with it. Im def just much more ready for this one. I was very nervous the first time. But will take any hints or suggestions also. Hes def not a rocket scientist He could, yes. I’ve never seen anyone push it that far, but that is a remedy available. I wouldn’t put it past someone to change their situation as a result of an exam - change phone companies, switch banks, etc. to avoid being levied. You’re going to have a hard time with it. 

I suggest trying to find some of this info on your own. Find out where he banks and issue a levy, issue a lien if there’s any property to lien. Do whatever you can silently, if possible, and they’ll have less time to react.  awesome then I will probably request it all. Now if he doesnt show up with it and the judge rules in my favor on it is this something he could be charged with contempt or anything like that?  You can request all of it, it’s up to a judge to enforce the subpoenas once the debtor tries to claim they are overreaching. He/she can deny any or all of they feel you aren’t entitled to the information or it’s not relevant. 