I live in the US (Florida) but I’m working with an agent of the Press Association (PA) in the UK (so I've cross-posted to UKLA as well).

I recently published a book while deployed in the military. The story got around on social media but never by any members of the press. The other day I was contacted by a member of the PA in England who said they wanted to interview me — but they wanted me to sign an “agreement” giving them exclusivity.

They wanted to tell my “Real Life” Story Agreement between me and PA. Here is what it says

&gt;&gt;Thank you for agreeing to share your story exclusively with PA.
You agree that: 
&gt;&gt;• You will share your story about ‘Writing a book while in deployment’. 
&gt;&gt;• You will make yourself available to be photographed and/or filmed and you will provide us with any photographs or video footage or other items that are relevant to your story. 
&gt;&gt;• You will not give any other interview to any other publication, national or regional newspaper, magazine, radio or TV programme or any other media outlet without our permission. 
&gt;&gt;• You confirm that your story is true. 
&gt;&gt;• You understand that PA will own all the rights in the story, which is written or filmed as a result of your interview with us. 
&gt;&gt;• You give PA permission to use anywhere in print, broadcast or online all the photos and/or video that you give us to accompany your story. 
&gt;&gt;• You understand that your story may be published anywhere in the world.

Do I need to get a lawyer? Is this normal? It seems odd that I won’t be able to talk to anyone about my story. Would they be able to sue me for breach of contract if I do?

It seems like a great opportunity, just at a steep cost.

The representative said I could withdraw from the agreement at any time but I don’t see that written into the agreement.

Thank you. done and done! I've worked with PA a lot since my book came out in February. I know what I can and can't say, but good lookin out! I'm definitely going to counter with some terms of my own. Frankly I'd love the exposure (especially with a national outlet like the PA) so I'm hoping we can come to an agreement &gt; You can also ask that they give you a share of any syndication revenue if they sell the piece on to anyone else

oh hell yes. that's a great suggestion! Just for the interview?  That's ridiculous. They are "purchasing" your IP for practically nothing! I have a little experience with things like this. To recap what a couple of other people have said, they're not after rights to your book, just rights to the story of how you wrote the book on deployment.

The term that stands out is the exclusivity one. It's not uncommon and is probably part of their standard agreement,so you can't blame them for trying, but you don't have to say yes. If you want to work with them and are prepared to compromise you can agree to exclusivity for X amount of time, e.g. three months, which would give them plenty of time to get value out of it. You can also ask that they give you a share of any syndication revenue if they sell the piece on to anyone else.

I'm not from the US or UK, so best to talk to a lawyer about specifics like time periods and amounts if you want to go further. I am not a lawyer, but I am a working journalist. This is not okay and you should not do the interview. If you want your book to get press, there are plenty of book/culture/literature/military reporters who would likely love to interview a local person who wrote a book, and won't have you agree to those absurd terms.  This is off topic, but I vaguely remember agreeing not to write stories about the military/give interviews during my enlistment and for a time after, not without consulting public affairs first. If you haven’t addressed that, you may want to before taking this any further. You might want to consider talking to an agent. I’d suggest finding a book that’s similar to your story (some sort of military bio/memoir/history) and looking at the acknowledgment page to see who the author thanks. Authors usually thank their agents.  New York as well.  Yeah it’s a major field of law. It’s not on the biggest but there are way more than you would think. [deleted] The contract doesn't have that built in - you don't really have the right to withdraw once you sign it. Time to get an entertainment lawyer. I would respond by saying, " so how much are you offering?" Since they want exclusive ownership of the rights to your story. Trading rights for an interview with AP = unproprtional bullshit deal, if I ever heard one &gt; it was pasted directly from the agreement. 

Ok then this is amateur hour on their part. I mean even if they are trying to fleece you it's not even a good agreement for those purposes. Glad you're going to speak to a lawyer and you should be able to negotiate something in your favor.

&amp;#x200B; I'm published through a smaller publishing house based in Pensacola, and don't have an agent. I guess one might be useful... This seems like a very one-sided agreement. If you don't sell the rights to them you can monetize them for the rest of your life in different ways, any way you can think of. Getting media coverage is not hard these days, you don't need them. 

The only way I'd agree to that is if whatever they wanted to pay me was more money than I figured I could ever make off of it. I'd want maybe $250,000 to sign my rights away like that. I think you can do better - have you shopped the book to any actual publishers? Get an agent, at least they only take a cut if you make a deal with someone.  &gt;This is a pretty shoddily written agreement even if you've heavily paraphrased.

it was pasted directly from the agreement.

&gt;You should have someone represent you but if they want exclusivity there should be a term limit and their exclusivity shouldn't interfere with you promoting your book

I'm getting on the phone with a lawyer in five minutes, and I'm definitely going to renegotiate. 

&gt;Also, never give the photos away for free.

I've got ones that I'll use, so no sweat there. Thank you for the input! This is a pretty shoddily written agreement even if you've heavily paraphrased. You should have someone represent you but if they want exclusivity there should be a term limit and their exclusivity shouldn't interfere with you promoting your book (you could be in violation of your deal with your publisher if you can't do other interviews). Also, never give the photos away for free. Make them license them separately for a fee. Most reputable publications don't pay for interviews but they pay for photos. I have a friend who worked in the entertainment industry reach out to a lawyer friend who specializes in contracts to help me out. It's definitely step one, but for something as simple as this I feel like it's the right one. Nal.Get a lawyer before you sign anything.  BUT, if you know you will not sign this as written, its okay to tell this reporter that its not happening and why. Rewrite it to your satisfaction, get a lawyer to look in over, and demand they sign *your* agreement if they want the story. 
 amazing. Thank you! your advice definitely holds just as much weight. thank you! Half the lawyers in Los Angeles are entertainment lawyers. This agreement gives them everything and you nothing without obligating them in any way. What's in it for you? Why not just offer them an opportunity to interview you and beyond that, there's no agreement on anything. That's how it works for politicians and professional athletes. Great!  And good luck selling your story! [deleted] &gt; What they don't need, and you should hold onto, is the right to talk to whomever you want about your story and maintain the rights to the story for any future use. Don't ever give those up unless it's for something substantial, 

I definitely agree with this. And someone else I know specifically mentioned Stormy Daniels
 this is good advice. Thank you.

I'll be doing that. this one did. I have the letterhead to prove it. *shrug*

But I think it's weird too, and so did my friends. I've never heard of any press outlet demanding an exclusivity agreement for an interview.  Contact an Entertainment Attorney.  There are many of them based in Los Angeles and they specialize in deals like this.  Unlike an Agent or Manager, they will usually take on new clients without any kind of a referral.

Using an Attorney won't be cheap, but in my experience a good Attorney can actually save you money, by keeping you from getting into a bad deal. The level of exclusivity seems to me to be what is off. They will be spending resources to do the interview and **A** level of exclusively is not unreasonable for them to get a return on their investment, this can also provide you additional “free” advertising and promotion for your book. As others have said, a literary focused or entertainment lawyer is with discussion how to reach a compromise agreement. If you have an agent you are working with, they might also help guide you in this process.  IANAL, but these bits are big red flags to me

&gt;You will not give any other interview to any other publication, national or regional newspaper, magazine, radio or TV programme or any other media outlet without our permission. • You confirm that your story is true. • You understand that PA will own all the rights in the story, which is written or filmed as a result of your interview with us. 

As someone else mentioned, that sounds like something that would occur if you're making a movie deal, not for a simple interview.  

One question to ask yourself; who profits from these clauses?

I would imagine that the intended value to a PA reporter is to write an article about an individual or event that is salable to a magazine, newspaper, or online publication.  They do need to do due diligence and confirm authenticity and have permission to take photos or utilize existing documentation and distribute as part of the sale of an article. 

What they don't need, and you should hold onto, is the right to talk to whomever you want about your story and maintain the rights to the story for any future use.  Don't ever give those up unless it's for something substantial, and even then there should be some sort of agreement to percentages of profits related to future TV, movies, books, etc.

Giving them a window of exclusivity so that they aren't scooped, thus make the effort to write the story meaningless, seems reasonable. But, even that could be confined to a specific time frame, at which point the agreement sunsets, or is voided, so you have the ability to work with other people to continue telling your story. 

Think about some of the Stormy Daniels/Other-Trump-conquests that have had "their story" purchased and buried with the expressed intent of preventing it from ever coming out.

tbh, it sounds a bit shady and like they are trying to pull a fast one on you.  I both love and hate that this is true [removed] I'm going to be there on Thursday. that's eerie timing. I live on the other side of the country in fact You would probably have better luck finding entertainment lawyers in California. Los Angeles specifically. Dude you live in the states. There is literally a lawyer for everything. from what I can tell it's just for the interview. and you're right: it doesn't sound proportional  So I don't know a ton about your situation, but you'd be selling the exclusive rights to the story of you writing a book on deployment. I do not believe this is common practice for an interview. This is common if they're making a movie about it, and want exclusive rights, and are paying you. If this is only for the "privilege" of them giving you an interview, I would not say this is a proportional deal. But a lot would depend on the circumstances.  Damn. that's a really good point. Yes,   absolutely.

Think Stephen King or J.K. Rowling.  They've got representation.

Michael Jackson ended up buying the Beatle's music because they let someone else own the rights to it.

Intellectual Property can be extremely valuable and is worth protecting........or cheating someone out of. Yes, they are. is entertainment lawyer a real thing? that is going to be the first thing I do.

well, among the first. 


&gt;The representative said I could withdraw from the agreement at any time but I don’t see that written into the agreement.

One of the biggest red flags in existence.

If you have any intention of profiting from your story/book.   Get some representation.


 NAL but if they said that you can withdraw at anytime they should have no problem writing a new contract where that is clearly stated. 