Hey, I don’t hold out much hope here, but I thought it was at least worth asking…

Today someone hacked into my Steam account, even though I have the authenticator on my phone. This resulted in the loss of over $200 worth of skins. Any of you who know something about Steam, should know that they do nothing to get stone skins back. 

I feel like this is beyond a regular scam, I did not go on a gambling website and lose them, they were lost due to my account being hacked and a trade being canceled and then re-opened to someone whose name was exactly the same as my friend’s and so was their icon, but they were impersonators. 

I am getting ahead of myself… So I went on Steam today, and my icon was changed to a shield with the word vac inside. My name is changed to a random number, my Steam profile message was sent to something about being back band. This is never Happened to me or my friends, because we don’t cheat or heck. So I took it to heart, and try to trade my expense of skins to my friend so as not to lose them. The friend lives in my home, I have known them for years and trust them implicitly. He received the trade but it was immediately canceled by him apparently even though he did not click anything. I was in the house with him watching as it went down. The trade was then immediately picked up by somebody whose name was exactly the same as was their icon.
I clicked on my authenticator for the trade to go through, not realizing that it was an impersonator. And now my skins are gone.


The only reason I feel like I might have any hope, is because the systems that steam put in place to supposedly protect people, all failed. I got no email regarding someone trying to get into my account, and I have had the authenticator installed for the last year or so.


I know $200 seems silly to some people, especially considering it was on skins, but it was for a game that I would say is my favorite and I like having nice things for it. It makes me sick that they are gone now because both steam and shitty people decided to fuck me today. 

So do I have any options? Any advice? If nothing else, I appreciate the opportunity to vent. I have also posted over at r/scams so other people don’t fall into the same trap. I tried posting to r/steam but was immediately removed.

 Here, since you were the one blaming me or my friend, is Steam's reply admitting it was on their end:

https://imgur.com/SZ9Yk73 I told you it how it went... other than that there was a kid who told me to trade to my friend. I have screenshots on my computer - am on my phone now  Steam will not do anything about the skins, they only have the power to add and remove games from the account, not items within the games.

It sounds like someone may have hacked your account in some way, but may not have been able to trade out items due to the authenticator. It seems nearly unthinkable that a hacker that compromised your account was lying in wait for your to transfer all of your items to a random person on your friends list. 

Something doesn't add up, either there is something you aren't telling us, or there is something you don't know involving your friend.

Either way, Steam can't do anything about the skins, and there is no legal recourse here.
 You can contact steam. That's about it.