 Hello everyone! Thank you for taking the time to read this and give your input. Background: In 2015, I gave birth to my son at 34w due to my waters breaking. A few days prior to my waters breaking, I had an anatomical ultrasound that showed he was feet down and at a size that he was unlikely to flip. My OB and I discussed the need for a Csection due to the position two days prior to giving birth. Anycase, my waters break and I head into the hospital. Once there I inform everyone from intake to each of my laboring nurses that my baby was feet down at the scan and I was advised he was unlikely to flip. Despite this, my OB and the hospital gave me pitocin and had me labor for 18hrs. During that time my doctor increased the pitocin above the allowable threshold of 30 to 32, because "it was going too slowly". I question my doctor on the position and asked them to check. They did not give me a scan to confirm position despite results of all previous scans. I asked my nurse about the level 32 pitocin and questioned why it was so much to only be told my OB ordered it. Eventually, one of the laboring nurses noticed something was off. He got a hospital OB, they did a scan, and confirmed I was birthing a foot with the other foot pushing against my spine. This took 18 hrs. It was exquisitely painful. I immediately went back for an emergency Csection. The labor and birth was horrifying enough I had nightmares about it for years and planned to never have another child. My son was bruised down his leg from the experience. Following birth he went to the NICU. At 7 days old, he developed necrotizing enterocolitis and we were sent to a different hospital NICU (never discharged as they'rein the same network). He did not have a hearing test at the first hospital at any time. At the second hospital he received medication we were told might result in hearing loss, but he might die if he did not get it. He recovered and we were discharged from hospital (the second) for the first time. Before we left we asked about a hearing test and were told they were not going to conduct one and we should get him one eventually. We thought it was weird but left. Fast forward to him being 16 mos, he developed bacterial meningitis and septicemia. Like before we went from the same first hospital to the second one for an over 2w PICU stay. He did not receive a hearing test prior to leaving. Fast forward to last week, we got him a hearing test and found out he is profoundly deaf in his left ear. The tester informed us by state law he should recieved a hearing test at birth and after the meningitis infection. While he is only 3.5 years now, the major time we would have wanted to do something for the hearing impairment is 18mos. If a hearing test was conducted at either of the previous two times it was required by law he would have received timely treatment. At no point did we waive the test. We would have never waived it. Following the test, we asked our son about his hearing and he states he has never heard from his left ear, which leads me to believe it could have been caught at either of those required times. Do we have a case? If yes, what should we take as our next step? My apologies for any grammatical mistakes as I am typing this over my mobile.  They were discharging him and a hearing test can be conducted on an outpatient basis. They basically told you to get him one in his discharge instructions and you didn't. So why didn't you get one yourselves after the meningitis? You can talk to an attorney but as soon as they hear you were instructed to get him one, and didn't they may tell you that there is no case. You said that they told you that you would need to get one in the near future. Did you ever follow up on that? Because it seems that would fall more on the parent if it was in the discharge instructions.  Medical malpractice cases are really fact specific and also hard to win. You can call a local lawyer in the city or state where the treatment occurred who specializes in medical malpractice cases and set up a consultation.