My wife was fired from Target bc she was ringing up some items she was purchasing for our wedding and accidentally forgot to ring up an item.  They fired her for stealing.  

She applied for unemployment here in St. Louis Missouri hoping we could get it to help with expenses and they denied her bc she was fired. 

A few weeks later she got a call from a Lawyer from Target claiming she owes 500$ to pay for the investigation to prove that she had stolen.  

What can we do?  We don't have an extra 500 dollars and the fact that they are making her pay for the investigation after denying her unemployment (still has yet to find a job) is completely unfair.  Again, then why would she sign up for something she didn't do?  She admits to making the mistake of accidently forgetting to scan 1 of the 9 items she had purchased.  It was an honest mistake.  She wouldn't have purposely stolen a 9 dollar item and risk her job.  &gt;She also signed a statement admitting to she stole

Why would she sign something saying she did it when she says she did not? She has emailed her uncle in regards to this. 

Now I wasn't there at the store when she was fired, however, she is telling me that they would not let her leave until she signed this statement which if this is how it went down could be an issue.   &gt; She also signed a statement admitting to she stole yet they still ran an investigation that they expect her to pay for? If she signed the paper why have the investigation and make her pay? This all seems very shady. 

The money defrays the cost of maintaining the security cameras, loss prevention employees, lawyers, etc.

You are not owed an itemized statement - that is a civil demand letter.

You may choose not to pay it, but paying it may be a good idea if it prevents your wife from being reported to the police and potentially ending with a criminal record, whcih would be a slam dunk given that she confessed to stealing.

Talk to her attorney uncle or another attorney and get advice on which course of action is best for you.

In hindsight, she should have NEVER confessed to stealing if she just made a mistake. That is why everybody tells you to shut up until you get an attorney that represents you. Self-checkout lanes.  It was an honest mistake, she would never had risked her job over a 9 dollar item.   Im surprised they allow employees to ring up their own purchases for this very reason. 
 Yeah it was an accidental shoplifting she forgot to ring up one of 9 of the same items so it rang up as 8 and she left.  So it was technically shoplifting.  Luckily her uncle is an attorney and can hopefully help us. 

She also signed a statement admitting to she stole yet they still ran an investigation that they expect her to pay for?  If she signed the paper why have the investigation and make her pay? This all seems very shady.  I'd just like an explanation, I'm sorry I'm coming off as snarky or rude.   In Missouri, you can be denied unemployment if you were fired for misconduct.  Your wife shoplifted, therefore there was misconduct and cause for her firing.

As for the $500, it's a civil demand from Target and is something that a lot of retail stores will pursue in order to offset loss prevention and their investigations.  Target is well known for their pursuit of shoplifters and their civil demands, so you may want to consult with an attorney. [deleted]