Everywhere I look for this rule, it's pretty clearly laid out. You are required to file a police report if a car accident you were involved in results in injury or death, or property damage valued at more than $500. The threat of not reporting it within 10 days (which includes completing a written report) is a fine of up to $100, court costs and loss of license.

The "injury or death" part is understandable. But let's say you're in a situation where a small car runs into the back of a big truck. Truck is company owned and shows absolutely zero signs of damage. The small car has damage to the hood and front bumper but still runs totally fine. Probably safe to say that repair costs would be over $500 on that. Nobody was hurt, both drivers are in agreement as to what happened, insurance for the small car was notified of the accident, everyone's on the same page. Why does this rule still apply? What's to stop the driver of the small car going to a local body shop, deductible in hand, getting the repair work done and everyone going on their merry way? Why does a police report still have to be filed that's almost guaranteed to raise someone's insurance rates?

*Or* am I missing something here? I'd appreciate any input people have, especially if anyone's had any experience with a similar situation. &gt; I guess what I’m looking for is an explanation of the rationale.

This probably isn't the right sub.  Though there is some merit in the idea that when driving is a licensed and regulated activity the state has an interest in knowing when events transpire that are actionable under the grant of that license.   If the insurance of the small car is informed of the accident and a claim is filed (deductible in hand), then rates are likely to rise anyway. A police report made of an accident doesnt cause the rate increase, the accident does. It doesn't take a serious accident to cause serious injury so just because there doesn't appear to be injuries at the scene of a "minor" accident, doesn't mean something serious won't manifest hours or days later.  The police report still has to be filed because it's the law.  Fair, I’m just struggling to understand why the police need to be involved when there were no injuries and both parties’ insurance has the situation covered on their respective sides. I guess what I’m looking for is an explanation of the rationale. &gt;Why does this rule still apply?

That's not a legal question.  It's a question for the legislators who wrote the law the way they did.

&gt;What's to stop the driver of the small car going to a local body shop, deductible in hand, getting the repair work done and everyone going on their merry way?

The law and potential consequences.  The likelihood of being caught in this course may be relatively small. But certainly the law is what the law is. 