I performed work as an independent contractor for an out of state company (I’m in FL, company is in MO) at a fee of $180. When I applied for this gig, the application asked if I was willing to accept payment via PayPal, I clicked No and left the field for PayPal Email Address blank. Upon completion of the work, they failed to look at the application and instead simply saw my email address and sent it to the PayPal account belonging to that email address. My account with them has been “limited” for over 10 years, hence why I did not consent to payment through that service. I can’t withdraw, transfer, or refund that payment. It’s essentially a black hole. When I contacted the company, their head of Accounting reviewed what happened and concluded it would be best to send me a check and verified my mailing address. The next day, their CEO emailed me (presumably after being asked to sign my check) and stated he would not be sending me a check since they paid me through PayPal. We have gone back and forth a few times and refuses to pay me correctly. 

Any ideas on how I can recover my payment from this company? I’ve looked into Small Claims Court, but the filing fee and cost of serving the company is more than $180, not to mention its out of state, so not sure that’s even an option.  &gt;I've heard numerous horror stories about people dealing with Paypal's customer service

I can almost guarantee that you could find those stories about almost any company you choose to investigate. People who experience good customer service don't bother to write blogs about it.

I'm not saying anything about PayPal specifically, I have no idea, just pointing out that it's *always* easier to find bad stories than good ones. Yes of course. They cannot unfreeze the account. This is why I call it a black hole. And this is why I didn’t consent to receiving money through PayPal.  Granted you only hear about these things when there is a problem, but I've heard numerous horror stories about people dealing with Paypal's customer service, accounts being frozen and not getting access to the money in the account, etc.

But you are correct in that this should be the first step to take. Have you contacted PayPal? I’ve used them since 2002 and they’ve always had good customer service that works hard to correct any issues.  No, I performed the work 1-2 months ago. My account with PayPal was frozen over 10 years ago, which is why I don’t use it for anything.  Your title is misleading.  Did you perform this work ten years ago?

If the company already transmitted you payment, it's likely your dispute is with Pay Pal and not them.  

You'll have to be more specific than "black hole" with regards to your Pay Pal status.  What have you done to get your money from them? Your contract with your client should contain a clause that you can include your legal fees if you have to sue for non-payment.  So if does not, then you have to weigh whether this is worth it to you. You may be able to include those additional costs in your claim and the Judge may approve but it's no guarantee.