It was on November 23rd 2017, I was only 21 years of age and police had come to my door because my down stairs neighbor called them and made a false allegation that my boyfriend threw me down the stairs. I was intoxicated and he was playing video games, which when we're playing video games we're very loud. The police came and asked if everything was okay and we said yes and explained how this was like the 4th time she's called the police and complained about us. They asked for our name and we asked why and they said "we would like to know who we are talking to." We refused to give our name and asked them to leave but they wouldn't leave. When we refused again to give our name they threatened to arrest us. They told my boyfriend that if I didnt give them my name they were going to arrest him. Since I still refused ( while being intoxicated) they arrested him and then they said that if I dont give them my name they that they were going to arrest me for resisting arrest, but I wasnt. They take us to the police vehicle and drive us to the jail the officer was texting the whole way there). Wouldn't tell us why we were being arrested, didnt read us our miranda rights until after they had already talked to us, and then falsely wrote that I was resisting arrest. I'm sitting in the holding area and the one of the deputies starts making comments about my boyfriends deceased sister, asking if his deceased sister really did those tattoos and if she's really dead. I was quit the whole time and he kept laughing and asking "who taught you to not speak to police". Which was very inappropriate. It's been a year since the arrest, we went to the court but our names weren't on the board so they said to keep looking and see if it ever posts. It still hasn't posted. My question is, will the case ever be filed? Can they file even after a year of the arrest? Will it stay on my record? Can I fight it if they do file? Oh and it was Thanksgiving, I'm pretty sure most of people were being loud and drunk neighbors! I dont think you've ever lived in an apartment complex where your either the up stairs or down stairs neighbor. You have a 50 year old women that's been living in the apartment complex for 10 years and the first day you move in she makes a comment "you better not make to much noise or were going to have a problem". Walking even bothered her, when my nephew spent the night him playing and jumping around during the day bothered her. And just because I was intoxicated, doesnt mean my boyfriend was. Doesnt necessary mean I'm telling you what I remember, maybe it's what he had told me that happened. I didnt ask for someone to comment on my post in such a negative and rude manner.  [deleted] Ok first you did nothing wrong your neighbor is just a dick and you did nothing really really bad 