Okay so I had a friend who i’ve known since high school come to me and ask me does he know anybody that would want a car and me knowing I need one considering I have a newborn insisted I did. So he offered me a 2004 Maxima which i wasn’t very fond of and kindly denied. so some weeks go by and he offers me a chrysler and I tell him i’m not looking for any car unless it’s made by Buick(LeSabre,Lucerne,LaCrosse, Century) only! so he told me he had a buick lucerne for sale with 100,000 miles on it, 2006 model. So after me telling him that’s a car i’m looking for exactly he tells me he only wants $1,500 for it which i told him i’m on a budget so i could only offer $1,000 and him considering I have a new born child, he said okay off the strength that I have a kid. he “was looking out” so we set up a date to meet and exchange the money for the car and title which was last friday, 11/30/2018. so while we were messaging eachother on instagram he said something that threw me off which was “whatever you do don’t show anybody where i live bro” which really really threw me off! and at that moment my gut told me not to trust him but me being dumb went along with the deal. so friday comes and i have the money ready. he meets me at my job to pick me up and drive me to his house to get the “title &amp; keys”. so the whole ride home we’re busting it up reminiscing on high school having some good laughs and stuff and we reach his “residence”. he drove me in the alleyway and said “bro don’t show nobody where i live seriously” and i’m like okay i got you my man relax. so he goes into that house and comes back out with a title and some keys so i’m like okay he’s legit. I already gave him the money in hand $1,000 cash. so he drives me to the auto tag place around the corner from his house &amp; he tells me meet him inside the auto tag places he’s gonna go park. and when i got out he pulled off with the money i gave him. I never seen the buick and he just took off without giving me anything, so i’m assed out of $1,000 and i have 0 proof i gave him $1,000 in hand cause no documents were signed i only have a bank statement on friday that shows me withdrawing $1,000. now in this situation what do i do ? i know exactly where he lives, his name, and he’s actively on PAROLE... do i take this civil court or do i leave it alone ?? I work for the government and he’s a street dude! what do i do ?! the trust from me knowing him from highschool is what made me associate with him i didn’t know his intentions. You would have to get an order to seize his cash. Why do you even associate with this person? he’s a drug dealer not addict and i’ve seen him with more money than i ever will carry.  If you won you would get a judgement and then you would have to collect on that. There's a good chance you would never get paid. Drug addicts tend not to worry about outstanding judgements. thanks!!! if i win how will the money be restituted ? this will be my first case ever! No you do not need absolute proof. I forgot to mention he gave me the title to a CADILLAC &amp; not the buick i guess so that way he couldn’t be tracked! but i never threw the title away for proof of evidence! or the keys! i have both STILL! don’t I have to have absolute solid proof I gave him the money ? Of course call the police! You have proof you took out the money and proof he gave you a title and keys, but no car. The police report is going to help if you need to go to civil court. Where you work is irrelevant. 
Sucks to be him if he's on parole but he stole your money! Nothing to think about... You can sue him in small claims court. that answer was bland, I did that already i’m asking for further assistance!  First of all, this person isn't your friend. Secondly, they stole $1000 from you. Absolutely you can call the police.