I received a letter from my old employer stating the following.

"We received late notice on 9/26/2018 of your termination. Your last day worked was 9/25/2018, which resulted in an overpayment of 03 days on the 9/30/2018 pay cycle. We were able to use your PTO final balance of 4.40 hours to offset the amount owed. We also received notice of 26.37 hours of unpaid time that had been entered into the replicon system. When these hours were processed they were not able to be recovered due to the fact that you were terminated. Your total overpayment amount is $527.66 gross/ $450.02 net. Payroll will need you to pay this money back as soon as possible.

Please sent a check for the net amount of $450.02 to:

'Address'

If this overpayment is not paid in the current year 2018 the overpayment amount owed will increase to $487.28"

A little back story with this company. They are a call enter disguised as Data Entry. They are the worst people to ever hire. They force you to work on your only days off, often times working 6 days a week.

The manager that I worked with always had an air of superiority around her and would often times lie about anything. And my time cards had to go through her for approval. So I don't know if she screwed up or not and won't own up to it. 

I went on a 1 week vacation (5 days PTO) on Sept 2nd-6th. On Sept 6th I was called by my manager and told everyone was getting laid off in a month and that if I wanted to get my severance check, I had to be there every day on time or else they would take it from me (unless I had proof of an interview)

So I get mad naturally. I worked my ass off and gave everything I could to this company just to get laid off like I was garbage. It made me feel horrible. It was my first job too after running away from extreme abuse. So I'm living on my own and suddenly my job pulls this move.

So find a new job and I quit on Sept 25th. I have 1 week arreers since it took three weeks to get my very first paycheck from them and my thought process is that "I will get this month's paycheck and my very last paycheck after I start my new job"

Nope, I email my ex company, get a reply a month later stating I have charges owed and will receive a letter. I received this letter today on Dec 3rd.

I have no idea what to do. I don't have this money to pay. I don't even want to pay them. I had suffered so much because of them and this is the last stunt they want to pull on me. What do I do? What happens if I don't pay?


Very sorry for formatting. I'm on mobile and I'm very very upset.  Labor board Ask for a complete accounting of your pay history and compare that with the records you have.

It is possible your timecards were altered to misrepresent your hours, or your records are inconsistent with the timecards turned into payroll. Have you informed them of this, and provided proof that you've been paid exactly what you're entitled to, or asked them for documentation/proof of the overpayment?

That's step 1 -- work with the company directly to untangle this mess. I was not overpaid. My time cards were handled by my manager and I was always paid what I earned and not a dollar more. When they had duplicated my check and I got paid twice, I promptly gave that money right back. So I don't know why they are doing this.  It seems like they're saying they overpaid by 3 days *plus* an additional 26.37 hours, which altogether adds up to ~$450. Are they correct?

If you were actually overpaid, they could sue you for what you owe If the company underpaid you, then you would be entitled to the difference.  An overpayment is the same thing, except in reverse.

Were you or were you not overpaid?

Your issues while employed there are irrelevant as to whether you owe the money back or not.  If you don't pay and legitimately owe the money back, they can sue you or send you to collections.