 Hi! I'm from Montreal. A few days ago, a family member got a ticket for turning left in an intersection. It had a new signalisation that mentions you can't turn left at a specific time and it was implanted just a few weeks ago. At the same time she got the ticket, there was over 5-6 other drivers that were stopped for the same reason. Even a witness mentioned that these police officers gave tickets almost everyday at the same stop! It sounds like they are taking advantage of this new signalisation. Is this an abuse of power? What are the norms or laws concerning new traffic signalisation? I want to contest this ticket but don't know what to write in a letter to plead not guilty.  Sorry I may be wrong about the signalisation. I'll ask her. Thank you for commenting. I'll have to ask her what it looked like and post it here.  I am just asking. Thank u for your comment It's posted not to turn left during certain hours and your relative violated the rule. The ticket is very unlikely to be dismissed for any reason. Are there signs up stating when you can turn left? If so, you don't stand a chance fighting it. You have to read the signs as you drive, not by memory of what used to be allowed.  Ignorance of the law is not a defense, especially if the law is written in front of you on a sign. This is pretty standard behavior the world over, the police will generally send extra patrols to areas with new traffic regulation to ensure public compliance. Temporary speed zone reductions due to construction would be a more popular example of this. Traditionally in most places in the US, the police are encouraged to issue warnings in place of actual tickets for a transitional period, but this is not uniform and possibly not applicable to your area. You can file a complaint with the city, seek a pardon, etc but you wont have a defense in court. So there was a sign that was put up weeks ago stating the law, and the police are enforcing that law...how is that abuse of power? the norms are to enforce the law