Id like to keep this post short and just state the facts and describe the currwnt situation, if more specific information is needed pls ask and i will provide.

Im a 22yo m from Austria and overheard a conversation on my balcony, at first i wasnt sure if it was actually about me. 
I soon figured out that there might be a group of ppl who are more likely to be a foe than a friend who pay way too much attention to me.

Turns out it was a guy i used to know ( lived in my 1room aprtm ) several years ago

After listening to their conversations i found out the following.

They use a thermal camera to see what Im doing,
 planted microphones in 2 rooms since i sometimes forget to lock the door ( which they can easily track via thermal )

They got a copy of my key

Turns out they infected my phone with spyware.

They have all my passwords via thermalcam

They hacked my W-lan and use it to screen mirror what im doing

Now to the fun part. I started noticing that their conversation shifts/reacts to whatever im doing i.e ("Now hes sitting down again") etc

I told a friend of mine that it almost feels like there are cameras in my apartment.

I get made fun of my face, my posture and a lot of other things, the way i sleep, the way im acting when stressed out...etc ....i dont feel safe at home at this point; feels like my walls have eyes and ears

*Some jump cuts ahead*

I establish a conversation via my infected phone as transmitter for my voice while i am listening to their talks ( nextdoor building ) 

I offer a solution without police involvement
Gets denied

I offer a 1v1 ( had a mental breakdown at this point lol )
gets denied

I figured out its a guy i used to provide shelter in my 1room apartment like 4 years ago.

I get threatened that he would make sure to send my father in prison if i call the police.

I get threatened physically.

They used the spysoftware to follow me on events and to share private stuff like nudes, etc, spicy stuff id rather keep private.


Guess ill try to wrap it up here long story short would be. 
I had to call my mom and asked here if calling rhe police was the right choice ( didnt do sh*t )

Oh i might wanna note that i have a druginduced psychosis with managable symptoms and things were running OK. 

But since this story fits into the "bad voices in your head"-box like my kitten fits my lap. 
Everyone assumed that i have a psychotic episode, and now the crazy wrap up.

I ended up in the mental hospital for 2 reasons
1 i didnt feel safe at home anyways
2 my mom and everyobe else thinks im having an episode.

They followed me to the hospital (should be a safe space,huh? )and are commenting on almost everything i do, they see me take a shit, a shower, distract me when im engaging in social interaction.
 And the worst feeling is the loss of privacy i have no place to hide/think/be. 
I can provide links on the importance of privacy for humans but i guess its not nessesary.

What the f can i do to help this situation
Pls refrain from mental health tipps since mental health wise Im at the place to be.

any input is much appreciated, feel free to ask questions.

Ps.: sry for my bad England 

Thanks for reading


