 Hello LA: Virginia. I got behind on rent but was able to come up with 100 % of owed rents plus all fees and even the next month's rent early. I emailed the landlord and asked if they would withdraw the case if I paid everything in full before the court date (Summons for Unlawful Detainer - date 1/30). They replied, in writing, that the case would be dismissed if everything was paid in full. I paid in person on 1/29 and received a dated receipt. I also printed out the ledger on my rental account showing a zero balance on 1/29. Apparently, the landlord got a default judgement in my absence (I didn't think I needed to go since the matter, as I knew it, was resolved). No one bothered to tell me, either, I only discovered this when I logged in to my account on 2/2 to buy the rental insurance that they were newly offering, and saw my account was closed. Of course no one is in the rental office over the weekend and I've not slept since, wondering if we'll be thrown out, now penniless since we gave them every dime we have. Am I totally screwed? Or do I have a shot at getting the default judgement set aside by providing a copy of the receipt and email? Thank you so much for your time. Thank you. You are not evicted yet just because the default judgment was issued. It doesn’t meant your landlord will have the Writ of Possession sent to the sheriff.  Who told you that you didn't need to go? They tricked you. That might have been their plan all along. 'm wondering is if I have a shot with the Motion to set aside default judgement. You can try, but the fact remains is that you had an opportunity to be heard in front of a Judge and you chose not to avail yourself. You're going to need an attorney to help you at this point. Have they attempted to collect on this judgement?  No, I was told I didn't need to go. That's why they got a default judgement in my absence. What I'm wondering is if I have a shot with the Motion to set aside default judgement. Did you show up to your court date to show you had paid rent and had made this agreement? 