Hi. I'm in the process of getting a divorce. Recently my ex sent my lawyer a copy of a signed (by the mother) parenting agreement that had been drastically altered from the agreed version which we decided on at family dispute resolution. I disagree with many of the alterations.  My daughter has finished school for the year but her younger brother (14) still has two weeks to go. I asked the mother if my daughter could spend the week with me (at my daughters request) but the mother says that the holidays don't begin until the brothers holidays start. 

Now here's where i need advice, my daughter is having ongoing substantial difficulties with her mother, who is part of a fanatical religious church, whom my father is the head pastor. My daughter wants to stay with me for a week. There are no court orders in place and i have them this weekend as per our previous parenting agreement. Would i get into any trouble if she was to stay after the weekend, even if her mother objects? She really needs time away from her mother because she has been suffering from some psychological abuse and neglect.

My daughter and I very close and communicate freely and openly. After speaking with her at length tonight, I'm not comfortable sending her back on sunday. She needs some respite. So if anyone can chime in with some advice that'd be great. Sorry for the wall of text. Yes we are. So, are you two operating off the initial parenting agreement for right now?  Ok. So we had an initial parenting agreement which was done at mediation. This was signed by both of us. Then we had a second mediation to come up with another agreement. My lawyer sent a draft to her lawyer after we settled on the conditions via a shuttle conference. He said i should get a copy to sign in a couple of weeks. Fast forward 2.5 months, I recieved a phone call yesterday from my lawyers office saying my ex's lawyer had sent the parenting agreement with some changes. There are a substantial amount of changes that i do not agree with. Alot of of the changes are about her and not the children. I have an appointment with my lawyer on thursday to discuss. So, help me understand this parenting agreement. You guys have been negotiating a plan. You came up with some agreed upon terms, right? Were these terms memorialized? Meaning did your lawyer draft out an agreement and send it to her lawyer? Give me break down of how that parenting agreement that's signed got to you from beginning to now.  I have an appointment on thursday with him. Cannot contact him over the weekend. What does your lawyer say? 