 I’m currently taking a class in which the professor wants us to put together a PERSONAL monthly budget in excel. This budget needs to include all of our sources of income and expenses and savings. I understand what this is trying to teach and i agree its a valuable thing to know, but what bothers me is that he wants us to use our real PERSONAL financial data to fill this out. It would be bad enough if it were just him seeing this, but we’re also expected to present this in front of the ENTIRE CLASS. I am NOT AT ALL comfortable disclosing my detailed financial position to anyone, let alone my entire class. This seems so wrong that I’m honestly wondering if this could possibly be violating any laws. Is it? Refusing to do homework is your choice, and will certainly result in academic consequences. Just make shit up. He’s not going to audit you. Go look up what the college estimates a student needs for living expenses for a year. Use those figures. Use local averages for rent, come up with utilities, etc. just use numbers that seem to make sense. Not a legal violation. You can do the assignment however you'd like. You can report this to the Dean if you feel uncomfortable with this assignment. Is this a pre college program? Asking as I took a class that asked for that. I made up numbers and put fake bills down. I had no legal obligation to pprovide correct numbers and wouldn't. My teacher was fine with that as long as the work was done. Did he ask for pay stubs or tax returns? That would be violation of your privacy. Pro tip: You're going to do a lot of casual "real world application" projects in college that don't require research data, and you will sometimes have to make stuff up for the sake of learning the process. This is one of those times. Don't sweat it.  you can tell the professor your not comfortable with it. if he says to do the project any way ask him why you have to use personal info. I can't really predict the future so that's all the info. I can give. Hopefully, he just says "ok" and gives you another option instead of saying no but that may not be the case. if you're not in the mood for a confrontation you can make up some numbers. it's not bad to be insecure about your income or financial status. While it might not be illegal, it's sufficiently shitty that talking to the department head or Dean or something about your concerns may be enough to put pressure on her to change this policy. She could always remove names from the projects then have everyone present someone else's anonymous project. Maybe not by law, but you can try escalating up the department; there may be school policies on this. Lol no, not at all. Now you refusing to divulge that information is probably fine, but you cant just get out of an assignment. The professor would likely ask you to base your project off a template or complete a different assignment. Again its easier to just create the data. No.  So could receiving a bad grade if i don’t give them to him be considered blackmail? Nothing about your bills or income is privileged information.  Fair enough, but then what about my grade? Wouldn’t that technically be blackmailing me for my financial information? The only people who get my real numbers is when refinancing bills or mortgage. Good luck with class Yes and i already did, but I was really just asking about the legal aspect Yes I’m going to do that regardless, but i was wondering about the legality Makeup some numbers  No it doesn't violate any laws. Anyone can ask how much money you have. That's not illegal. Just make up numbers. Everyone knows college kids are typically broke anyway and no one cares.  Have you considered just making numbers up if you’re not comfortable using the real values? He can ask, you can refuse. Or you can make up whatever you want which is probably the easier way. If its such a concern to you just inflate everything by 20 percent or something.