I'm a dual citizen (US-Germany) currently living in the US saving money and I plan to FIRE (financial independence / early retirement) to Germany in my mid 40s (late 30s currently). I will not have huge amounts in my accounts (403b/457/IRA), but I don't have children, have a partner who is happy to work, and we live pretty minimalist. I will probably retire with under $1 million in my accounts so I won't be a "covered expat".

As you likely all know, a US citizen is taxed on her income worldwide but there are two ways to get around some of the taxes. One is the Foreign Earned Income Exclusion, which is something like $110,000 per year of foreign earned income is not subject to US taxes.

However, the according to the IRS, "annuity and pension payments" do not qualify as foreign earned income. 

https://www.irs.gov/individuals/international-taxpayers/foreign-earned-income-exclusion

Specific quote:

&gt;Pension or annuity payments, including social security benefits

So it seems like withdrawals from US retirement accounts would not count as US income.

On the other hand doing some research on the US-German tax treaty I come up with this:

https://www.justanswer.com/tax/6penu-german-national-living-germany-52-years-age.html

Specifically:

&gt;That means - your 401k distribution - according to US-Germany tax treaty - is taxable only in Germany. To avoid withholding - you need to provide a signed form W8BEN - www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/fw8ben.pdf the administrator of your 401k account and referenced the tax treaty which overrides the US tax law.

It appears the person asking the question is strictly a German national, not also a US citizen. If I retain my US citizenship, does the German tax treaty imply that I would only have to pay German taxes since I could consider the withdrawals as German income, and thus have that income fall under FEIE? i am looking at same.

the employer with withhold i believe you pay 10% penalty and tax as ordinary income.

if you feie and say have 0 income otherwise, i beleive distribution of 110k woukd only be subject to 10%.

so with large balance do this over a couple years to stay below net toto income tax level.

ifnyou do decide tondonthis i would recommend to only make move towards end of tax year in case you end up. getting callled back to states for some reason and violate feie exclusion rules. 

See a tax attorney. 

 [deleted] No, what the link you posted states is that if you have a 401k you contributed to in the US, the treaty (the author does not cite which treaty) states that Germany will not tax the income.  You would still have to pay US taxes.  The purpose of such treaties is to avoid double taxation.

The form is for individuals who are NOT US citizens to file, as they would be subject to different taxation rules. 

Edit:  I would also add that if you were to renounce, you would be subject to taxation as  non-resident alien.  [deleted] Your early withdrawals would be subject to penalties and tax based upon the amount of the withdrawals according to US law.  Further, plan administrators are required by law to collect federal taxes at the time of disbursement.