 So my ex and I are having a baby and she has completely lost her mind. We broke up because I caught her lying to me behind my back and telling people she didnt love me while telling me the opposite, and she was also in a dating website behind my back. She is not sorry at all for what's she did or what she said and thinks that me finding out through checking her tablet that we both use is appalling and makes me the worst person she ever dated. She has a very abusive ex who she had been separated from for 4 months before we start dating. Half way through the relationship she said she missed him even though things were good with us. Part of what I discovered was messages between her and her friend about how she loved him more than me and such. She also said she wishes she wasnt having my baby. She is not sorry for lying to me and she is not sorry for what she said. When I met her she was reading a book on how to overcome an abusive relationship. This guy is beyond a piece if shit don't need details but let's just say hes a provable piece of shit should I ever need to go to court. I'm worried for my unborn childs safety. What can I do legally? Thanks in advance. Also. DNA test before you sign anything. I wouldn’t trust this chick Wow I'm so happy you know so much about my life.. you stalking me jackass? The man who I'm worried about has been charged multiple times. Has abused her multiple times. Has pulled a knife on her with police report to prove it. I'm worried about the safety of my child. You just want to come on my posts and make incorrect assumptions about me and my life. This was never about who she could and couldnt see or date moron it was about the child but I guess since you just assume you dont have to read. Can you see out your mouth when your head is that far up your ass? I don't talk about the children I do or don't have, but you're accusing me of making assumptions while openly making them about me. I made no assumptions, I said "based on your posts" you seem to have a need to control her. In one post you wanted to control her diet and strip her of her parental rights if she didn't feed the child the way you wanted it. Now you've escalated to ask how to keep other men away from her as if you believe you have some ownership over her because she's carrying your child and will be it's mother. If you bring this behavior and spirit to court, you will do very poorly. Hopefully you can look at what I'm saying, have a heart to heart with yourself, make some major changes, and stop fucking your chance of visitation in the ass.  You assume again... your initial assessment is based on your limited perception. DARVO has nothing to do with the fact that you havent lived a moment in my shoes. Yet you seem to know much about me. I'm guessing you dont have children or else you'd be finding better things to do with your time then trying to attack my integrity and character. Who do you think you are chief? Ever heard of the term DARVO? You're doing an excellent job proving my initial assessment correct. Assumptions don't usually involve multiple examples.  Cool assumption dude. I could send you many screenshots and pictures of what this girl has put me through but itd be a waste of time to send it to an assuming prick such as yourself.  It's not context, it's just you trashing her and explaining the details of your relationship, which don't matter. Considering your post history here, it seems you have a need to control this woman and I really hope she gets safe from that and finds some stability in her life for her and the child.  Was just trying to provide context to what I'm dealing with.  Your post is largely written for /r/relationships and you should edit that out and stick to the pertinent legal details and questions. If you're asking if you can control who your ex is around while she's pregnant or after she gives birth, hell no. If the court has determined he's dangerous to children, then you'd be able to have the custody agreement include that individual not being around the child. There will never be a way for you to keep that person away from your ex, she can associate with whoever she wants.  You can no rights to an unborn child. When the child is born, you can file for paternity and custody and visitation You would do best to hire an attorney now to be ready