Hi! I am not sure how to proceed further with this situation so I figured I'd turn to you guys for help. 

Okay first I will give you the backstory:

So there is this town close to where my family lives. It is a popular place for mainly high schoolers to go to meet new people and socialize as it is beautiful and has a lot of stores, parks, etc. So this past August (2018) my 17 year old sister went there with my stepsister (15) and some friends. She somehow ended up meeting this guy, we will call him Ryan. Ryan is 24 years old. For some reason I cannot comprehend, my sister ended up catching feelings for this guy and started secretly dating him. Around the same time in August my sister was also given a car, I should add. Over the next few months my sister saw this guy a lot and was able to get away with it because I am away at college and my mom and her fiance both work until late throughout the week. Around October I started to see this guy on her snapchat and began asking her about him. All she would tell me was his name and that they met in said-town, which I thought was super weird because she's usually really open about her friends and they all are at my house a lot. My mom had also been telling me that my sister had been spending more time than usual hanging out and sleeping at my dad's house. 

Here is some other relevant backstory:

My parents are obviously divorced. My dad is a stroke victim and as as much as he is still functioning and okay, he does have trouble financially and has trouble keeping jobs. My mom and her fiance, on the other hand, both have great jobs and make good money. My sister and I were both given credit cards with our names on them that are attached to my mom's account to use for gas, occasional food, and any other necessities we would need. Now these cards were obviously not given to us so we can go on shopping sprees and what not and I try to use it as little as possible. 

Over the thanksgiving break the entirety of this situation came to light and it is way worse than we could have ever thought. Here is what we found out:

\-Ryan was (and still is) extremely manipulative to my sister. He seemed to notice right away that my sister and my family were fairly well-off so he started to convince my sister to let him get a few things using my sister's card. I guess over time they were not getting caught so the purchases became bigger and bigger. By the time my sister got caught, they had racked up thousands of dollars on the card going on dates to the movies and ice skating and going to dave &amp; busters. But not only that, he convinced my sister to buy him countless amounts of food, clothes, and other things like that.

\-Ryan had also convinced my sister to let him use her Uber and Lyft accounts. My sister made the mistake of giving him the password so, because this guy doesn't have a job or a car, anytime he needed to go somewhere he would just go on the account or ask my sister to order him a ride. Most of the time he would order the most expensive car, too. This ended up being upwards of $1500 to $2000 in Uber/Lyft charges. My mom read their texts and sometimes he would literally order a ride and then my sister would complain and he would answer like "I'm sorry babe :\*\* &lt;3" (not exactly that text but you get the gist). 

\-My mom found out that my sister was going into Target and buying $50 gift cards for him so he can get himself who-knows-what. This happened on multiple occasions. 

\-Ryan also convinced my sister to let him come over at crazy times of the night. We found out the reason my sister was spending all this extra time at my dad's house was because he lives alone so they would use his house to hang out while he was at work, and also while he slept during the night and early morning. 

\-As the cherry on top, when we searched Ryan online, we found out he had been arrested in the past for assaulting an Uber driver and he had also been arrested for sexually assaulting a 15 year old girl in the same town he met my sister! 

I know he unfortunately (and also fortunately I guess) cannot be charged for getting involved with my sister, as the age of consent in my state is 16. I also recognize that my sister did choose to give him the money and gift cards and allowed him to use the Uber account. However, I wanted to ask if there is anything else we can possibly get him in trouble for. Can he be charged for manipulation? Or something along those lines at least?  &gt;He seemed to notice right away that my sister and my family were fairly well-off so he started to convince my sister to let him get a few things using my sister's card. I guess over time they were not getting caught so the purchases became bigger and bigger. By the time my sister got caught, they had racked up thousands of dollars on the card going on dates to the movies and ice skating and going to dave &amp; busters. But not only that, he convinced my sister to buy him countless amounts of food, clothes, and other things like that.

This isn't illegal. She is totally responsible for the card; she can use it legally for whatever she wants. Your recourse (well, your mom's recourse) is to remove her from the account if she violates the "rules".

&gt;Ryan had also convinced my sister to let him use her Uber and Lyft accounts.

Same problem. Remove her from the credit card if you don't want this to happen. When she's 18, she can open her own credit card and blow her own money on her sleaze boyfriend.

&gt;My mom found out that my sister was going into Target and buying $50 gift cards for him so he can get himself who-knows-what. This happened on multiple occasions.

Again, not illegal.

&gt;Ryan also convinced my sister to let him come over at crazy times of the night. We found out the reason my sister was spending all this extra time at my dad's house was because he lives alone so they would use his house to hang out while he was at work, and also while he slept during the night and early morning.

It isn't illegal for him to be there if she invites her in and he has not been trespassed from the property. Call the cops and kick him out if you want him not to show up anymore.

&gt;As the cherry on top, when we searched Ryan online, we found out he had been arrested in the past for assaulting an Uber driver and he had also been arrested for sexually assaulting a 15 year old girl in the same town he met my sister!

This is the only thing that might be illegal. It might violate his parole/probation to be around minors.

&gt;However, I wanted to ask if there is anything else we can possibly get him in trouble for. Can he be charged for manipulation? Or something along those lines at least?

Being a manipulative prick is not illegal.

Close the credit card. Give her a debit card or cash. She is clearly being manipulated, so stop giving her free money. Stop the bleeding before you stitch up the wound.

You are a good brother but she is 17. She needs to learn quick that there are people out there who will use her like this, because soon she'll be able to ruin her own life instead of just your parents'. This is something that should be addressed in the family before she can start opening her own accounts for this guy and screwing up her credit. I dont think you have a case

Legally the worst he's done is use the uber/lyft account but he was given that access so I seriously doubt it would stand

You cant sue someone just because your sister/daughter keep giving him things, until they learn to say no there's nothing you can do but protect your own finances by not supporting them [removed]