This is a repost of something I posted in r/ebay.
--------------
I sold a $400 laptop about a week ago. It shipped to a New Jersey address. About a day after confirmed delivery, the buyer opened a return request, claimed the box was filled with garbage (literally) and demanded a refund.

I allowed them to return the box - which I guess was a huge mistake. Indeed I was shipped back a box filled with garbage.

I then opened up the transaction to look a little closer. It turns out the buyer is in the Ukraine, and the address they had me ship to (NOT the address registered to the ebay account) is, when googled, a reshipping company in America that is associated with hundreds of reports of fraud. Most are nearly identical to my situation: a person in Ukraine or Russia who claims an item is not as described or never received. In many cases people report that it turns out the ebay account used was hacked/stolen.

The ebay account in question was opened in 2011 but has only 4 feedback, with no real recent activity, which lends itself to the idea that it was probably stolen or hacked. The name of the account is also a real person's name, very different from the name of the buyer (not the real names, but like the ebay account is named "Jerry_Smith123" but the package went to "Vladamir Brovslakskow".)

So, thinking I have an open and shut case here, I called ebay to ask them to investigate the buyer (who has already left me negative feedback, by the way.) The first person I talk to puts me on hold to investigate the issue, spends about 5 minutes doing that, and comes back and says she absolutely agrees that it is a clear cut and dry case of fraud that should be easy to resolve. She says she needs to put me through to a different department (I don't remember what it was, but it was NOT Trust &amp; Safety).

The woman in that department also puts me on hold to investigate. Then she comes back and says that because I accepted the return, if I am claiming what was returned to me is not what I mailed out, I will have to file a police report to continue a more in-depth investigation that can take up to 10 days.

So I'm thinking...are you serious? It's so cut and dry! And she says she agrees that it is very obviously fraud, and that the buyer is not entitled to a claim because claims are void if you use a third party shipping company, but because I already accepted the return, the only way to proceed is with a police report.

So the next day I went in to the police station to file a report. It took forever, and I finally sat down with a detective. After explaining the situation he said there is really nothing that they can do. He says because the person in question is located in a foreign country, it would be handled by the FBI or even Interpol, but that they would not be taking a report.

So I call eBay again, and the new rep says if that is the case, I need to call eBay while I am at the station and then ask the officer to speak to the eBay representative while I have them on the phone. So I went back to the station, and I was allowed to see the same detective. I told him this and he said no. Flat out, he said he's not going to do it.

So what in the hell am I supposed to do at this point? eBay is being firm that because I accepted the return, I have to file a police complaint or they won't do anything to intervene. I wish I had known that. I honestly just thought, if I let them return what they claim they received, I will have the evidence in my hands that THEY messed with the package. This is new territory for me and I messed up. :\

I didn't want to bother the police in the first place, because they have better things to do and I knew deep down they were going to say "What do you want me to do about somebody in another country?"

Right now my hope is that eBay will investigate the buyer's account and realize it has been hacked/stolen, and if they do that, they will suspend the account, which will void the return attempt. Which is essentially a waiting game. :(

 You need to call ebay back and see what they can do.

You weren't supposed to accept the return. Once it goes to the reshipper it's out of your hands, and any disputes you will automatically win.

The police won't be able to do anything, which is why he's not going on the phone to confirm things he has no idea about. 