(I am almost 20 now) Throughout my life I have always been a nice kid, everyone's family loved me when I came over, I was said to be incredibly smart. On my 18th birthday, my parents kicked me out of the house cause they found weed under my bed and would not tolerate it.  I was then currently homeless for 2 days and decided to sleep in the YMCA I was lifeguarding at the time. Some friends wanted to get out of tests at school and I was in a very bad situation mentally. With the opportunity of being cool and fitting in for once, I "supposedly" called in a bomb threat at the local high school. I knew what I was doing was bad but not once did I realize exactly what I just did. The same "friends" went to the school cops, denied any relationship to me or the situation and got me arrested. I then spent the next year away from my hometown, was placed in a year-long drug rehab, and 2 years later I am still going through court. My latest offer was 2 years in prison, 2 years house arrest, and 5 years probation. I am currently 20 in February. This court case has lasted almost 2 years and I have not been able to go to college because of it. I am back home with my parents and I have not been allowed to further pursue my life. I'm not looking for sympathy, because in no way do I deserve sympathy but they are pushing 2 years of prison time and a whole bunch of other stipulations. I don't have any prior convictions and I'm just a regular teenager. These last 2 years of going to court have mentally made me base crazy. I can't hold any conversations, friends that I had left me, all of my county is making fun of me (even now). I have the best lawyer in the city and still looking like I may spend years in prison. I am not ready for prison, and the 6 days I spent in jail before bond I got sexually abused. I'm not sure what to do. I've put a pause on my life and I might go to prison. Any positivity from fellow Reddit users?  If you need any advice, look up AfterPrisonShow on YouTube... Thank you Thank you I don't know what you're looking for here friend. You will be spending some time incarcerated. There are counselors who specialize in post and pre incarceration issues. You should reach out to one and get some specialized help.  I think /r/offmychest would be good, or /r/self. Oh ok, sorry. Not really sure what I'm looking for. Maybe just to type out my story. Is there subreddit for this? &gt;Any positivity from fellow Reddit users?

I understand that you want support, but /r/legaladvice isn't really the place to make you feel better.  

You have a lawyer, if the best that can get you is 2 to serve + house arrest + probation, then that might be the best you can get.

We cannot tell you to take the deal nor can we tell you to go to trial.  Only you can make that decision, with help from your lawyer.  