Throwaway for reasons. Basically, my (soon to be) ex husband and I had an open relationship and I had a reliable “boyfriend” while my husband had various “girlfriends”. At one point he made me choose between him and my boyfriend and I chose the boyfriend because he treated me better, treated our four kids better, and was actually responsible. Once I made my choice my ex moved out of state with one of his girlfriends and started sending $20/week for child support. 


Fast forward a few months, I have a new home with my now fiancé and the children and he has now moved back, now he’s living with/open relationship with a stripper who happens to be a Satanist. He only wants to see the children when his mother visits and he doesn’t send child support at all. His living conditions make me want to vomit (very unclean and he doesn’t have a bed for the children). 


I have videos of him PLAYING with knives in front of our youngest, he started smoking weed again (not bad but our children have said he smells “funny” and “smokes smelly things,” he claims he has a demon inside of him, and I have a lot of evidence of him being unfit in general. 


Whenever the kids visit him, they come back unruly and won’t listen to my fiancé at all, and our oldest is especially a handful, as she was the closest to her father. 


With him not having safe conditions, his girlfriend being what she is, not helping with any support at all (he claims my fiancé should pay because he is a manager at Walmart) and his claim to have a demon in him, would I be accused of alienation if I don’t allow him to have visitation until the court decides themselves? Also what else can I do? I document everything he says, including the times he’s asked to see the kids and just doesn’t show up (or if he does). I would like to know just what I can do to keep my children safe, and is there a possibility to get his rights terminated or get him a psychiatric evaluation? I believe he is a danger to the children but I don’t want to lose them because I didn’t allow visitation. 

He claims he wants to get full custody, but is that at all possible for him to get? 
 You really need to see a lawyer.

&gt;would I be accused of alienation if I don’t allow him to have visitation until the court decides themselves? 

Would you rather be accused of "alienation" by him or have everyone think you are neglectful for allowing your children to be alone with an adult you believe is dangerous?

You could allow him to continue seeing them while a court case is pending, but you should change the circumstances -- with the advice of your lawyer.  For example, you might decide to let him do his visits with an agreed-upon monitor.  You can use a mutually acceptable third party (including his mother, if that's ok with you), or you can pay someone to do it.

You need to get the court case moving by hiring a lawyer.  It also wouldn't hurt you to seek counseling and take some parenting classes.

&gt; is there a possibility to get his rights terminated or get him a psychiatric evaluation? 

His rights will not be terminated.  The judge can order an evaluation if the judge deems it necessary.

&gt;He claims he wants to get full custody, but is that at all possible for him to get?

It's possible, but if he doesn't even do overnights now, it isn't at all likely.

Again, you need to see a lawyer immediately.  There is no avoiding this or putting it off.  Someone is going to call child services if you don't get the ball moving here, and then things become much more complicated -- for both of you. The video is from about a year ago and after a huge fight about it is when he told me to choose between him and my now fiancé after which he moved out. It was one of the reasons I chose my fiancé, as I didn’t want my daughter around that. He claims he doesn’t do it anymore, and I haven’t seen the knives again, however, I am still worried as he’s been known to lie. I wasn’t sure if it was report worthy because it was so long ago, and he had moved out after we essentially broke up from me saying “(fiancé) knows better than to have a weapon around young children” 

And as I said he only sees the children when his mother is around and she lives a few states away. I don’t ever allow them there overnight and I am trying to not alienate him while protecting my children. I do apologize that I don’t know how to handle legal issues, as before the knife incident his only flaw was not keeping a job.  I am a child protective services investigator.

It seems both of you lack appropriate parenting skills. He is using illegal substances with the children present, having them in an unsafe living environment and exposing them to weapons, such as knives, frequently. You have concrete evidence of this and admit that you KNOW it is not a safe environment for the children, yet you continue to expose them to that environment, without attempting to notify any protective agency or seeking emergency custody. How am I a mess? I admit, we got married young, but the open relationship was to try to save our marriage. I loved him, but he wasn’t good for the children. I have had a stable job for three years while he’s only ever worked for four months before being fired or quitting. I’m trying to do what is best for my children. 

His girlfriend’s Satanism I probably should have expanded on. It isn’t the religion itself, it is that she has pictures on all sorts of forums of her bathing in “blood” with various dead animals in the background. I don’t want my children to be exposed to things like that.  [removed] Speak with an attorney in your area as soon as you can to get the ball rolling on a custody case.  You will need to determine what, if anything, you wish to put forth in terms of visitation plans and arrangements for custody and parenting time (including prohibitions like no drugs, no disparaging commentary, no unknowns, etc).  The sooner you can speak with an attorney who understands TX laws and your rights, the better off you will be in order to protect the welfare of your children.