I was wondering about the legality of setting up an armed patrol on the little private drive I live on. I am legally allowed to own a firearm, so I was wondering if I could carry my rifle unloaded slung on my back.  Oh I’m sorry, I thought I updated that. I would want to carry it because a gun conveys information that simply walking around doesn’t. If I found a burglar, I would do my best o detain him without killing him, if he has a gun I will do what I have to. As for my location, I live in Hillsboro Oregon. A somewhat suburban area.  Location, why you want to carry it, what you would do if you found a burglar. You only asked the question of "can I carry this rifle," but what I'm trying to say is there are other things to consider. Sorry, what other questions were you referring to? The gun isn't "unloaded" simply because you haven't chambered a round. And what about the other questions? Bad idea, don't do it anyway. Also I updated the location.  I was referring to no ammunition in the chamber, but a loaded magazine Interesting, and you were not kidding Wikipedia does have a great article on it! Thanks! They're often covered by different sections of the law, given that they are such different weapons. Wikipedia actually has a [great page on this topic](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gun_laws_in_the_United_States_by_state) that charts out gun laws by State and shows differences for long guns vs. handguns. Look at a state like New York where the laws for ownership of handguns vs. rifles are quite different! Well put. Also I am a bit curious on the firearm and rifle not being the same, could you elaborate on that? Since you've not provided a location we can't answer this. However, I suggest you Google search for your state's laws around carrying a rifle. Please note that firearm and rifle are not the same thing. Also, why would you carry an unloaded rifle? The more salient question is probably what you can/should do if your little armed patrol here actually found a burglar. Would you try to smack him with the gun? What if he has his own? Honestly, this whole thing seems like a bad idea. Sorry your car got broken into but the lesson here is probably be sure to lock your doors and not keep valuable stuff in your car. Your location is immensely important here.  Depends on your location.