My brother has been unknowingly committing time theft at his job for about a year to varying degrees. He is a minimum wage employee at a large retail company in NH. There have been times when he has just taken extended breaks/lunches, times when he has clocked in and remained in his car for the duration of his shift, etc. 

The other day he felt as though his management was becoming suspicious of his behavior and he is now concerned about whether or not they will take legal action against him should they investigate the cameras and find out what he has been doing. He is quitting his job there (he hates it, which is what has prompted him to commit time theft in the first place) but doesn’t know if this will be a red flag to his employer since it is sudden.

My brother has never committed any sort of crime in his life, he is 21 years old and a really good kid. He didn’t realize that getting paid for work that was not performed is actually illegal, he thought he was simply just being lazy and found a loophole in the system somehow. His managers have never made any comments to him about any of this and he hasn’t had any other issues while working there. We are just curious what the actual ramifications are should he be found out and should his employer decide to take legal action.

We think it would be pretty difficult for his employer to go through all the tapes since he has started working there to get an accurate assessment of how much money has he “stolen” via time theft, but do not want to rely on this as a saving grace. 

Would this sort of case hold up in court? Would it be charged as a regular theft or are there laws specifically pertaining to time theft? Would this be a misdemeanor or felony charge? Is he likely to receive any sort of jail time as a first offender? I also think it is important to note he feels great remorse about this and wasn’t aware what he was doing was illegal (not his brightest moment). I appreciate any advice you may have.

TL:DR; Brother has committed time theft at his minimum wage, retail job in the state of NH. He has never committed a crime before, been arrested, etc. What are the laws regarding time theft and what are the potential consequences he could face should his employer find out what he has been doing and take legal action? [deleted] Im not a lawyer so I do not know the full extent of what the criminal charges would be. I know he would be on the hook for any time that he stole, and the employer will not likely be willing to negotiate payments, a lower principle amount, etc. Personally, if he hates his job that much and has something else lined up, he could potentially stop showing up without a word and likely nothing will happen at all outside of an angry phone call from a manager and the potential for that to impact future employment due to him being a no call no show. Big box retailers typically do not waste their time pursuing smaller things like time theft so long as it is not a significant amount of money in payroll. They typically look out for things like employee theft of goods, primarily electronics because that can be a huge loss in the long run. They, as well as all of us understand that suing someone with no money money typically bodes no return what so ever. As far as being sued goes, he would have a judgment against him on his credit report which could impact his ability to get a loan or get an apartment, etc. Plus, if he does have a judgment against him, it would also mean owing them money. Which means he will either be making monthly payments voluntarily, or the judge could also put in a wage garnishment order. Essentially, the consequences for "sticking it to them" vastly outweigh the "free money", however his employer would have to be motivated to pursue it, and the payoff for this would be hardly worth the effort. 

Personally, if I were him...I would no call no show and simply move on. He will be replaced, his employer will only be slightly inconvenienced and life will move on. If he continues this and it catches a managers attention and they decide to report it, it could snowball into something much worse. Basically, he needs to shape up or not show up at this point because he is likely already on managements radar due to the change in behavior. *Slight* laziness is almost always written off when someone puts their notice in, but spending an entire shift in your car is going above and beyond and will almost always bring unwanted attention. If he does get a court summons in the mail, he should contact the employer directly and attempt to work out a payment plan outside of court. Its far better to have to spend 200-300 bucks a month to make his employer "whole" again, than it is to let it go all the way to court and have it impact his credit. His employer will play ball a little bit, but its important that he understand the full possibilities of what can happen should he continue.  [deleted] NAL: So your brother didn't realize he was stealing when he was getting paid for not doing any actual work? Him quitting his job isn't an excuse. More than likely, nothing will really come of it other than the *potential* of them taking his last paycheck, which he can file a wage claim with the state if that happens. If its a big box retailer, likely nothing will really happen since they will be able to replace him quickly. But there is a potential for them to go through the effort of reviewing security footage, clock in and clock out times and determining how much time was stolen, in which case he will be liable for all of it and could potentially get sued or have it sent to collections. 

Side note, any sudden change in an employees behavior is going to be a red flag to management. Its going to bring attention to him and what hes doing and she should stop or just stop showing up to work. 

In the end, its up to him if he is going to stop stealing time from his employer. And its going to be up to them if they are going to pursue him for it. If he wants to avoid collections, and/or a lawsuit, he should stop doing it right now or just stop showing up to work. Its far better to stiff an employers two week notice, than it is to blatantly steal wages for work not performed.  He’d just be fired. 