What it says on the tin. Note: Husband has only lived there a week at the time of these events, and this is his first time driving in this area.  
Husband was coming off the highway, into a 45 zone. Officer immediately tailed him so close that the cruiser's headlights couldn't be seen in the rearview, so husband couldn't slow down safely. Husband switched lanes to get out of the way so he could slow down, was followed to the other lane. Switched back, was followed again and pulled over. Was ticketed going 62 in a 35 zone, which is incorrect for both how fast he was going, AND what the zone was. Officer wrote his name and address wrong on the ticket.   


He just went to court for the ticket, and apparently none of this matters. The aggressive driving on the officer's part, the weird speed accusation, the name and all that wrong. Nothing matters, according to the judge, because the officer "swears it happened that way". 

&amp;#x200B;

I contacted Bothell police about this, and the second I started talking to the person that I was put in contact with, they were defensive of the officer, and I knew I wouldnt be getting anywhere. They explained away what the officer did as 'driving close to see what was happening in the car', and then said they would call me back. They never did.   


Is there any recourse my husband can take for this, or any suggestions re: changing the outcome of that bullshit hearing?  Why did your husband not hire a traffic attorney for this?

Hire one now, and get this taken care of before it is too late. Your husband can hire an attorney, and appeal the matter.

It will be expensive, and by no means guaranteed to succeed.

&gt; The aggressive driving on the officer's part, the weird speed accusation, the name and all that wrong. Nothing matters, according to the judge 

This is correct.  And, him attempting to use "aggressive driving", having a wrong name, and the speed accusations being "weird" likely contributed to him not presenting a successful defense.    He should have probably hired an attorney to defend the ticket, or just taken a deferment, or mitigation hearing.