I live in Portland, OR and have a next door neighbor who has been moving in/subletting to very interesting individuals. The neighbor himself is a tenant and is clearly violating the terms of his lease. He recently moved in 4 new people into the house who are clearly meth heads. We constantly hear them get into fights over smoking crack (!) and have contacted the police multiple times, however, they can't do much as every time the tweakers run into the house and hide right before the cops get there. The tweakers have been harassing us and the other neighbors and have threatened a few of us.
After having enough of this bs I ended up looking up the landlord's address through public records and showed up to his house this past Sunday to deliver a letter of complaint. I spoke with him and he really seemed shocked and said that he has no knowledge of the events. He guaranteed to call the property manager and get to the bottom of this. On Monday morning I got a call from the property manager who also expressed no knowledge of the issues and said that their tenant is obviously in violation of his rental agreement. He said he will contact the tenant as well as sending him a written warning letter. 
So.... I get home from work on Tuesday and see all the first responders vehicles outside of this house. First thought was someone OD'd. Then about an hour later the medical examiner shows up and then the coroner's van, and they proceeded to roll out a body out of the backyard. Apparently, the violent tweaker who had threatened us a few times ended up hanging himself and was found by his girlfriend. Luckily he didn't decide to hurt anyone else before he went.
I called the property manager this morning and let him know about the incident last night. Again, he had no idea. He said he has given the tenant a notice of lease violation and those people were supposed to move out. According to him if anything happens again (what more than a dead body?) they will evict him. I asked him what about the incident last night and he tried to brush it off by saying their tenant has  no control over who comes on to their property and hang themselves on premises (WTF!???)

They obviously don't want to evict him unless they really have to. I am trying to see if there's anything I can do legally to speed up this process or at least complicate the landlord's life a bit.

Thanks for reading this crazy story and I appreciate any advice in advance. Unless the number of people or activities (such as running a business) violates zoning bylaws, there is nothing you can do about this. The owner-neighbor is free to allow whoever he wants to live there and, as long as the owner's cool with it, the renter can let anyone he wants live there. The owner can **choose** to enforce the terms of the lease. But since you are not a party to the lease, you don't really know what's included in it and maybe they can't do a damn thing because things like drugs aren't a violation of the lease. The owner can also choose not to enforce the terms of the lease and you don't have standing to make him do that.

What you can do is call the police when you are threatened or when you observe crimes being committed. They will investigate and take action, if they feel it is necessary. You have no standing in a contract between a landlord and a tenant. And the LL has legal obligations to the tenant (a lease and applicable laws). 