I bought a shed for 2k. I paid 1k up front, then the other 1k when we took it. I accepted the fact that a section of floor that needed fixing. Its used, i get it. I start pulling off drywall and find it is infested with roaches. To give you a sense of scale, some areas have one inch of roach feces in it.

So i texted him and said maybe its time to renegotiate the price. I wouldn't have bought it for anf price had i known, but moving it cost money and the first 1k check cleared, so im in it now. He said he stands by the price and will not renegotiate.

I want to cancel the second check, document all of the roaches. The insulation and drywall were supposed to be a bonus, now its a problem. I feel justified in forcing the issue because this will cost money and time to fix. 

I intend to stop payment and offer 3 options and listen to his ideas.

1) give him a check for 500

2) he can move it back and refund my money

3) sue me.


I feel its a huge problem and even if he didnt know, he has some responsibility in addressing the issue 
But before i make a possibly large mistake, i thought id get opinions. Thanks in advance! Good.  Now stop dicking around and attempting to commit fraud.  You have been given legal advice. My comment with links got removed. [removed] The seller offered a shed, you bought a shed in the condition it was being sold.  This was a bad decision on your part, and you are trying to blame the seller.  You are also trying to defraud the seller by stopping the payment you owe him.  That will turn a civil matter into a criminal one.  I have two questions for you:

1) How willing are you to have a criminal record?  

2) How much time are you willing to spend in jail?

Unless you can answer those with something approximating “very” and “a whole lot”, you need to stop with your idiotic plan now.  If you want to dispute the sale you are free to sue him in small claims court after you have paid him. I did some reading. Stop payment for a dispute is legal. I need proof of loss, which i have. Im good.

Besides, im not straight not paying. I have been clear he needs to share responsibility. A court may not side with me, but i have proof of loss which is grounds to stop payment.  If i never intended to pay, either through insufficient funds or self incriminating statements, thats fraud. The law is clear on this. I can link supporting articles if you like. Yep. You agreed to the purchase without doing an inspection first.  Congrats on being able to give it to yourself in the ass though. So youre saying i have no recourse and just have to take it in the ass? Committing fraud against this guy will do nothing but hurt you. You’re renegotiating the contract after the fact. He sold you a used item, that was clearly in such used condition that rot was visible.  It is not the sellers fault you are dissatisfied now. He should and will take you to small claims once you stop payment. 

The proper way for you to proceed it to allow the check to clear, after all, you agreed to this price and took possession of the item.  Then take him to small claims for reimbursement if you feel entitled to it.  Thanks. This should be fun. I see. Well, I don’t think I’m qualified to give any advice on this so, I’ll just have to say, good luck !  So he claims. Its fair to say he didnt know. 

I feel the issue is large enough to warrant renegotiation. Hes not obligated to, but i plan on forcing the issue by stopping payment. So the seller also had no way of knowing then, right? I checked for rot. The roaches were concealed in the wall and could not have been noticed until we removed drywall of had an exterminator inspect it. It is usually the buyers responsibility to inspect used items before purchase. How closely did you look at it before you agreed to pay so much money for it?