We live in Snohomish county, Washington State. 

Little back story. My parents are the legal parents of my 14 year old niece. They adopted her 4 years ago. Her father is a herion addict, abusive thief who is always hanging around their house.

I told my parents I am not going to bring my children to their house anymore because I don't want them near my brother as he is dangerous. I asked them to get a restraining order and they said they can't because he has never physically assaulted them. I think they are making excuses because they feel bad for him.

He has assaulted two of my brothers at their house, in the last 3 years. (And multiple times before that) one of my brothers he assaulted still lives with my parents. 

He has threatened to kidnap "his daughter." (he has zero parental rights, he signed the adoption papers) He has threatened my mother multiple times and made her feel very unsafe in her home. The most recent occurrence was earlier this year when he came over to sharpen a lawn mower blade and when my mom told him to leave he forced his way inside and she felt like she couldn't do anything because he was holding a lawn mower blade. 

When he assaulted my brothers the two most recent times, the police were called and he was arrested both times. So there are reports somewhere right? My mom says my brothers can get their own restraining orders, but she can't get one to keep him from coming to their house because he isn't a direct threat to their health and well being since he has never assaulted her, my dad or my niece. (She's making excuses for him if you ask me.) 

She said the only thing they can do is go to the court and petition for a no contact order because they don't think it's healthy for him to be around my niece.  At the time, my comments were being down voted. But thank you. It really is a sucky situation, and I do feel bad that my mom and dad have to go through it.  I know I'm late on this but nobody in this thread thinks you're an asshole which is why he is getting the downvotes and you are not. 

You care about your family. You want to protect them. Unfortunately in some cases you can't help people who don't want to help themselves. I'm sorry that you're in this situation and I hope things work out and that your mom can start to understand how her refusal to act is hurting you all.  It's like I'm hearing myself talk about my partner's brother. Okay, look: your mum may also be feeling guilty because your brother turned out to be a pile of old socks. She raised him, she loves him so much, and she can't fix him. So she thinks if she shows enough love, or consideration, or whatever, that he will mend his ways.

Aha. Tis funny, yes? Anyway, the way I cope with my loved one being constantly exposed to a violent,manipulative, abusive narcissist, is I keep a document full of every shitty thing he does. I have screenshots (including dates) of text conversations. I have detailed recollections of any Incidents I can recall. I have written my thoughts down on the various people involved, the history, etc.

And one day I will have all that at my fingertips. Because, like you, I cannot take out a restraining order on behalf of my partner. 

But also! If you have not gotten a therapist yet, just do it. I tend to ruminate on these things, and my mental health took a dive. I thought I was going to go crazy. This situation will eat away at you. I think it depends where you live. A threat isnt enough for a restraining order where I live. Its a hassle and a half to get one Please explain how I am an asshole for being fearful of a person who has abused me and family members. I feel like I'm taking crazy pills. It's like as soon as I say he's a drug addict everyone is like, "Aww, but he deserves a second chance." He's insane and abusive even when he is clean. I'm tired of begging my family to protect my niece (their now daughter) from an abusive psycho who has threatened to kidnap her. And being written off as a "bad Christian" for it.  If everyone thinks you're an asshole, you probably are. I love that I'm getting a bunch of crap from my family and now on the internet for wanting to protect my children and my niece from a crazy deranged abusive drug addict. You sound a lot more like your brother than you'd probably like to admit.  Not in Washington State,  but don't restraining orders cover both people and premises? So would t asshole have to stay away from wherever protected person happened to be? Including OP's parents house? I'm not keeping my children away from them. I'm keeping them away from their house because my brother is always coming by and he's dangerous. I live 2 hours away and up until now it was always me inviting myself to their house so my kids could see their grandparents. Since the end of July when I put my foot down about bringing my kids to their house, they haven't made any attempts to come see me or their grandchildren. I've invited them but it's too far apparently. Even my brother who lives 10 minutes away hasn't seen them. They refuse to do Thanksgiving or Christmas anywhere but their house. (Even though my brother showed up at Thanksgiving and is sure to at Christmas too.)  &gt; They would rather *never see us and their grandchildren again* than get a restraining order against their unstable abusive son. 

Or maybe they're banking on the fact that you wouldn't be as petty as to cut off *all contact* with them *just* because she refuses to take legal action against their son. Because that's not just keeping your children away from them because of safety. That's keeping them away because you're mad at her. 
 Maybe one would be granted if she applied for it. But she has to apply; there's no guarantee. I'm so tired of the whole, "He's our son and we love him." BS. He is a danger to them and their other children. It's a slap in the face to the rest of us. They would rather never see us and their grandchildren again than get a restraining order against their unstable abusive son. They've told him to stop coming over, my mom has sworn up and down to me that she is done with him and won't allow him over. But when it comes to putting actions behind her words she has every excuse in the book. I need proof that she is infact able to get a restraining order because I'm tired of playing this game. &gt; But he seems to be my parents first priority even though they have 7 other children (including my niece) 

That kind of thinking is probably why your mom is hiding behind the law lie. In her eyes, she's not putting him *before* any of you by not getting a restraining order. She's *just not adding anything more* to his objectively shitty life and his shitty behavior. She knows he's an asshole but he's still her kid and she loves him. And I'm sure in the back of her mind she's concerned but she's also worried that any little extra kick he gets when he's down could be the final kick that lands him in the morgue. 

If he was her first priority, she would have been discouraging you and your siblings from even getting restraining orders. She would have covered up what he did when the police got there. It seems like she's drawn a line there. You guys can do what you think needs to be done, but he hasn't crossed the line yet for her.  I know it's not rational. It doesn't make sense to a sibling looking at their mother, but it makes sense to a mother looking at her children. 

Pushing the issue is just going to strain your relationship with her because it's something you two are never going to see eye-to-eye on in regards to your brother. There's no point in beating a dead horse. All you can do is be supportive of your brothers and niece.  I've been pushing it, but she is insisting her hands are tied and said, "You clearly don't understand the law." Well she has me there. Because I was sure you could get a restraining order against someone who has threatened you. We've been dealing with this shot for over a decade. Even when he is clean he is still abusive and flies off the handle. But he seems to be my parents first priority even though they have 7 other children (including my niece) She *can*, she just doesn't *want* to. It's not uncommon for parents to not want to get restraining orders against their children no matter how bad their children they may be. It's a parent's prerogative to love their children and some will do it to nth degree. If your mother doesn't want to do it, I wouldn't keep pushing the subject with her.  