Okay, so a couple years ago i was sent to the same alternative program (ExCEL) and it was for a legitimate reason. FF to last school year. I start at the HS (they were hesitant about it) and i was doing just fine. Me being the stupid person i am, and always have been, i collected a few small infractions (inappropriate computer usage, rude comments toward another, and another one ill explain in a sec). The special ed coordinator i have (I have an IEP, only behavioral deficit, not skill or academic) has ALWAYS been against me and has always tried to send me to the alternative program. Last year i had an incident where i had revoked computer privileges due to me poking around their  (public) servers. They had searched the school computer i was using after they found a USB with $uicideboy$ on it and tried to say i had malicious stuff on the computer. I had Tor, which i never used, and some music and memes. FF 2 months later. I was messing around between classes (same room) and printed pictures of a teacher that was sent to prison that same year, my bus driver, and another teacher. The principal found out about it and he flipped out. The last straw for them was when i had (for a joke) stapled my arm. Someone told the teacher and he sent a note down to the nurse to call me to her office. the staples did not even go through enough to bleed or scar. this then revealed the injury i had gotten earlier in the week from using a wire wheel on a drill with a long sleeve shirt on (scratched about 3 inches below my wrist) which then got the main principal ( i am pretty good friends with) and the social worker to come to the nurses office. they assumed that i was purposely trying to self-harm (i have no history of that whatsoever) and i tried and tried to argue that i wasnt doing that to self harm. the next 2 days i sat in the conference room. I then had my IEP meeting to determine my placement, the ExCEL principal was there, 2 of my teachers, my mother, and some other people. Long story short they determined i belong at ExCEL, even though i never feel safe there, and i tried to argue but it did not work. The teachers went out of the room crying, and once a few others heard the word, some more tears were shed. It was the worst day of my life and i really want to make my way back but the level system at this school is so rigged. The teacher can be having a bad day and take "signatures" for the smallest things and other days they let people cuss each other out. I have earned a lot of trust at this school, to the point where im the temporary custodian until the main guy comes back. I love the teachers at this aschool but i miss my friends at the high school. is there anything i can use to defend myself in this situation. I will admit i was wrong for the stuff i did but i didnt think it amounts to being sent to this alternative school. This alternative school is filled with people that do drugs, fight people, have really bad anger, i fear my safety every single day.  

I am not a lawyer, but a teacher.

Placement of students is based on the philosophy of putting the child in the "Least Restrictive Environment" where they can be successful.

If you've been classified with ODD (oppositional defiance disorder), you'll have lots of goals in the IEP that talk about your behavior and interactions with peers and adults.  You will almost certainly have a goal that deals with following rules.  There will also be several accommodations which are designed to help you meet the goals.  

The problem at this point is the IEP team met for the purpose of modifying your IEP.  They have now officially (and legally) decided that in order for you to be successful you need to go to ExCEL.  This may be possible, as your school district is required to pay for you to attend there, and it can be pretty expensive.  They will want you to succeed.

Within a day or two, your parents will receive a copy of the modified IEP.  They probably already have a draft copy. I suggest you read it carefully, especially all the behavior goals.  This will give you a road map to getting back to the other school.  

Again, not a lawyer.  You should contact one that specializes in IDEA if your parents plan on fighting this.   actually no, i have to go through a "level system". i earn signatures depending on behavior, and if i mess up i lose one. some teachers are cool and lenient, some are dickheads. i have behaved and i have to get to level 6 day 30. i have gotten to level 6 day 4 and they keep dropping me.  If it's behavior that landed you there, behaving is the quickest way to get you out. If it's anything like the alternative school was when I was going up, you get to go back to regular school next year right?  Your recourse is with your parents and your IEP. 