Gf and I got in an argument a while back and while there was no violence involved, she called the cops and now they're saying even though she doesn't want to pursue it, they have to submit it to the DA.

A detective called and said they "need" a statement from me before they submit it. 

 From everything I've read, the only reason I can think of that they would want that, would be to get a conviction against me.

But What should I do? I don't have 4K laying around for an attorney. 

should I just refuse to give a statement? Or what. Thanks very much.
 [deleted] The way to do this without pissing the officer off is as follows:

Call Monday morning.  Say, "Officer, I think I should speak to an attorney before I come in and make a statement."

Then call an attorney and get some advice about how to proceed- if the advice is "don't make a statement" then call the officer back and tell him that you won't be coming in and you don't want to make any statements.

If the officer has probable cause to arrest, then he may come find you regardless and arrest you.  If so, call the lawyer back (and don't make any statements until you speak to him again). [deleted] Hey- I got your PM.  Those are against the rules, and I can't give you advice in PM.

Ask me here and I'll answer what I can. Almost everyone sucks really bad at talking to the police.

Hardened criminals, innocent people who think the truth will set them free, attorney's representing themselves who think they know enough about the law to answer the questions on their on behalf, police officers, who think that their buddies won't arrest them, judges, who figure the police won't want to prejudice themselves, celebrities, politicians.

Everyone.

Me:  I suck at talking to the police.  I always talk too much.  At least for me, it's like walking into a phone store, and NOT walking out with a bunch of new phones I didn't need.  I can't help it.  I can't fix it.  All I can do is avoid walking into phone stores.

That's why you (and me) need to avoid talking to the police.  We're going to screw it up.  And, if the police start asking us questions, just say:  "I will not answer any questions without an attorney."  And, prepare for things to get really awkward. You don’t have to talk to the police. “No” is a complete sentence. Sorry, CA  Location matters. If you’re in the US you’re not obligated to speak with the police, but in other countries that’s not the case. Not talking is free. You should not talk to the police without an attorney. Anything they promise you may be a lie. Do not make a statement. Anything not 100% clear about that? You do have the right not to speak without legal representation.  They have the right to arrest you if they believe you committed a crime.

If you feel like you have to have this talk...  
1.  Do not say anything untruthful.  
2.  Do not give any information above and beyond what they ask.  To borrow from "The West Wing", if you are asked "Do you know what time it is", your answer is not 1:20PM, it is "yes". You should absolutely NOT give a statement *until you talk to an attorney*.

There is a small but nonzero chance that a statement from you now can put the whole thing to bed and have you avoid being charged.

But an attorney needs to make that call.  You don't need full-on representation yet, just a consult.

Be prepared for them to tell you to not say anything. You are under zero obligation to give a statement.  That cost $0.

