So, four years ago me and a friend were cleaning up a trash pile to scrap the metal it contained. The only stipulation was that we had to handle the garbage as well no biggie. I threw some in a dumpster, my " friend " dumped his by a river on private property. Fast forward about a month and I get informed that the owner of the private property looked through it and found the address of the person with the garbage and the police come to talk to her. She informs them that I did it. I get a phone call and honestly answer his questions. Yes I dumped it. Yes I'm sorry. Yes it was just me. So he writes a fine and drops it off at my house when the fiances parents since I was at work. So what did I do? I called the number on the ticket and got an automated system. Cant be found. Go to the automated website. Still cant be found. So I take it further. I talk to the court over the phone and brought the ticket in person. I even talked to the sheriff who issued it. Nothing. So I think, maybe he didnt want to deal with it. Maybe it was him being nice (pregnant fiance answered the door and I was super nice and honest). Fast forward 4 years. I receive a letter that they will levy my wages for it. I tried for 4 months to pay it, and couldn't. Now I have to pay it after 4 years? With collection fees? My question is simple. Do i have to pay this after trying and failing for months? Even though I heard nothing after 4 years and I know they had the address since I was summoned for jury duty by the same court. Thank you all.  Thank you very much kind sir. Your knowledge and information is appreciated.  You can go back to the courthouse, explain the situtation (or ask for a hearing before a judge), and request the additional fees be dropped. But what about them not putting the ticket in until 3 months after issued. According to the paper, they enter the ticket in 3 months after I got it. I don't mind paying for it, I'm just pissed they added a collection fee with literally no warning.  Yes, you got the ticket. You need to pay it, even four years later.