I’m going to start off with a little background information on my daughters father before getting into anything else. Basically, he was in and out of jail during my pregnancy and after her birth; multiple drug charges. He vandalized the front of my car it was a 1K repair, he tried to get someone to beat me up, and threw a drink at my daughter while she was in her car seat. He threatened her life, my family’s life, and my fiancé at the times life. He has called my daughter ugly, stupid, b*tch, and has told me he doesn’t want her anymore. He tried to break into my parents house, but nothing was charged because the police couldn’t find him. He has even stalked me by waiting down the road from my house and following me in his truck. 
So, in May 2017 I started the process to have rights set up basically so he couldn’t take her and run away with her, it was a very real fear at the time. My lawyer decided to go through with trying to get sole managing conservator and her father would get possessory conservator through a guarded visitation company. He was served the order, but never turned it in. In October we had our court date and he never showed up. I was granted sole managing conservator and he has possessory conservator through the visitation company.  Well, he never signed up for his dates to see her or even contacted the company after they called him and left him multiple voicemails. He has never once payed child support on top of all of this. The last time he saw her was May 2017, he hasn’t called to talk to her or even sent a birthday card to her; he has been completely non existent from her life. In March this year I got married and in June moved my daughter and myself to California where my husband is stationed, (all of this was approved by the court).  My husband has provided her with everything she needs and more. So my question now is would I be able to have her biological dads rights terminated and have my husband adopt her? Or how would I go about this? 
We are currently in California, but lived in Texas before the move. My daughter will be three in June 2019 if that helps at all. I also presented proof of all the abuse &amp; threats and made police reports of everything at the court date. I tried to get restraining order, but was told the evidence wasn’t enough and since the vandalism of my car happened on “public property”, nothing could be done. 
 What if her biological father doesn’t show up for court? Would I still be able to move forward with adoption or does he have to be there to agree to it? He didn’t show up for court before so I doubt he will this time.  You should talk to a family law attorney, but basically you can move to have your husband adopt your daughter, but her biological father can contest it.