I live in Ontario, I moved into my current apartment on the 1st of July and on the agreement, it says the tenant pays hydro, but water and heating is included in rent. Now this is my first apartment so idk if I missed something but I would assume it’s the apartment owner/managers responsibility and the electrical company responsibility to make sure the hydro meter is getting readings and all. Well, It’s been 5 months so far that I’ve been in my apartment , and I haven’t gotten a single hydro bill yet, but my hydro has never been shut off. After the first 3 months of no bill, I called the hydro company and asked them what’s up and if I owe anything. They told me no and that the hydro reading says nothing and isn’t reading the hydro I’m using and said to talk to the manager about it.
Now idk about you guys but I like free stuff and I feel like it’s not my fault that it’s not working/reading the hydro. So these past 5 months my hydro has been free. Could it come back and bite me in the ass or can I just keep my mouth shut and enjoy my free hydro....? I mean, I’m paying $900/month for a 2 bedroom apartment, I feel like hydro should be included anyways. HOLY SHIT, that is absolutely brutal! Your monthly mortgage is $500 away from what I make a month!! I wish you the best of luck! Oh god no. We just bought last year.
We paid 239,900 for our house. We pay $306 a week for it. It's two bedrooms, one bathroom, detached garage, fenced in backyard on a 70x150 lot.

That's Wasaga Beach. Collingwood was completely unattainable for us. If you don’t mind me asking, what’s your mortgage up there!? Or are you all paid off? Just north of it in Collingwood/Wasaga area. Housing prices are going insane here now too. Damn yeah, that’s brutal as shit. Sounds like the GTA! Man. I own now, but rentals in my part of Ontario are brutal. You can't even get a bachelor for 900. 900 plus hydro. Cheapest I could find on the east side here. Out west where it’s more ghetto.... you can get rent for like 600 all inclusive  Where the heck do you live where a 2 bedroom apt is 900? That's a sweet deal. LMAO damn, if that’s the case, I kinda feel sorry but I mean I don’t use much hydro You're supposed to set up an account with them before you move in, so they can set you up. Makes me wonder if the previous tenants maybe did direct debit from a credit card or something and just haven't realised that they are still being charged. But that's a bit of a stretch...

I would go in to the hydro company and chat. Nope. I just moved into my apartment. Hydro was working so I figured I was good to go and I would just get a bill in the mail but I guess it don’t work that way! Did you set up an account with the hydro company when you moved in? My previous residence I was renting out a full house through a family friend, they wanted to sell the house so I had to move out and moved into this building. They even specifically said electricity is the only thing not included, and gave me the information paper of the electricity company. But I have yet to receive any bill. The only thing I can think of, there’s something wrong with the reader and either a neighbour is paying my hydro bill or all the power I’m using is being charged to the general apartment power (hallways etc...) Is it possible that you have an automatic deduction plan through hydro from your last (or earlier) residence? This would be a major headache to fix as you wouldn't be the only person affected.

Alternatively, is it possible that the building has solar panels? Several years ago Hydro was offering big benefits for conversion to green generation; basically, the cost to upgrade the province's infrastructure for current load was so high that it was cheaper to pay people to get off the grid. The apartment might have its own power.

&gt; I’m paying $900/month for a 2 bedroom apartment, I feel like hydro should be included anyways. 

Heh. Clearly you've never checked prices out here on the west coast.  No, in Ontario (and several other provinces) "Hydro" refers to the power company. It's a slang term for "Ontario Hydro," now known as "Hydro One;" in both cases the term is used because provincial power is generated through hydroelectric stations. 

As an aside, if you like megaconstruction, look up the Sir Adam Beck dam. Hydro meaning Electricity, sorry. We say hydro here too You said water is included in rent. Is hydro not water? In all seriousness.