TLDR: bought a new brand new truck from a dealership that had a cracked windshield when I picked it up.  Signed paperwork with the dealership stating they would make the repairs, and after a month and a half and numerous attempts at resolution, still no word on the repair.  

So about a month and a half ago, I bought a brand new Chevy truck from a dealer in Chesapeake because they claimed they would make me a priority.   The sales part went great, and after signing all the paperwork and getting the keys, I noticed that the windshield was cracked.  I showed it to the salesman and we filled out another form saying they acknowledged the damage and would fix it.  He then told me that the service department would order the windshield and call me to set up an appointment for actually doing the work.  Sounded fair to me, so I headed home.
 
Cut to 2 weeks later, and I haven’t heard from the service department, so I call up my salesman again. He tells me that he will look into it and get back to me.  I get busy for the next week or so and it kind of slips my mind, but I still hadn’t heard from them so I reach out again, this time with no answer.  I give it a couple more days and on Friday after work, I reach out to their customer relations manager via email.  He responds relatively quickly and assured me that I will hear from the service department on Monday.  

Well, by the following Saturday, I still hadn’t heard anything, so I call the front desk at the dealership and ask to speak with the manager.  After being on hold for 20 minutes, accidentally disconnected, then 45 more minutes on hold, the manager on duty doesn’t seem too concerned about it, but tells me that he will have the service department call me first thing Monday morning.  

Lunch time on Monday rolls around, and I haven’t heard from them, so I once again call the dealership and ask to speak to a manager.  I explain the situation once more and he tells me he will have the service department manager call me right away.  Around 3pm, I finally get that call and am told they will put the order in and call me in a few days once they have the windshield to schedule installation.

As of tomorrow, that will have been 2 weeks ago, I plan on calling the dealership again tomorrow, but I’m getting tired of this run around am looking at options to force the dealership to do what they said they would.  Can I make the dealership pay for someone else to do the repair since they have repeatedly dropped the ball?  They also offer a lifetime service agreement that covers the engine and drivetrain, can I request compensation for that since it was a large part of my decision to buy from them and they have proven to be unreliable as a service provider? [removed] I’ll keep that in mind next weekend when I still haven’t heard back from them Weekend would be the best day anyways...that's when people buy casa and you making a fuss about poor customer service in the lobby would be most effective.  It’s about an hour and a half away, so after work, by the time I could get there, upper management will be gone Why aren't you headed down there in person?