[stillwater, OK] 
Recently, I put up and ad to find a fourth roommate for my apartment. After months of searching, i finally found someone who could pass all the checks, we discussed prices of room and bills and we went to sign the lease. 
It’s a three room apartment, so we can only have four adults on the lease at a time. It’s the landlords rule, it’s on the lease, etc. Not even a minute before we sign, the new roommate says that her boyfriends stays with her at night, and always leaves in the morning. I said no, he can stay two nights a week maximum, because it’s a fine after that and they could kick me and my other roommates out. 


November ends, weeks go by from when she was going to move in. She didn’t make enough money to move in. That sucks, it’s cool, we can wait and you can move in December. We wait, I text her to let her know we need rent for December and the internet bill ($181.50 in total). She says that’s almost her whole paycheck, I say sorry I don’t know what you want me to do about that. We had discussed all bills way before she signed, this amount isn’t out of nowhere. After that, she completely ignores any of my attempts at communication. 


A few days ago, I text her to tell her me and my OG roommates can sign the lease to take her off, and that she won’t have to pay, we just need her to show up and sign to agree to be taken off. She agrees (proving that she was in fact just ignoring me), I try to make sure she knows that she also has to sign, and that me and the OG roommates can’t just sign ourselves (she seems...kinda stupid, and I wanted to make absolutely sure she understood what needed to happen). She just ignores me again, won’t answer anything. 


I’m furious because I need to put my ad back up, but I don’t want to until this is settled. My question is, can I tell her that I will take her to the authorities (court or what have you) for the rent she was supposed to pay, even if she never moved in? I don’t plan on doing that unless I absolutely have to, but I’m sick of not getting any communication from her.  I’m sorry, I realize in my post it makes it sound like I said she couldn’t move in until she paid rent, which isn’t true. We were fine with her moving in in November, we just weren’t going to make her pay for November since she’s only have been there for a week and half or so. We would wait as in she would wait until December to pay, not to move in. And yes, court was what I had in mind rather than police. Thank you so much for the answer  It sounds like you agreed to forgive the November rent/bills. She owes you the December rent you covered for her, the bills if you all agreed (easier if you can prove it). You can make the offer 'Either you can meet us to remove yourself from the lease or you need to pay your share of the rent and bills. If you don't pay we'll have to sue." You ***cannot*** prevent her from moving in unless she takes herself off the lease, since only the landlord can evict all of you (if she's on their lease). You may want to consider paying her to show up and sign, which would suck but end this quickly.

&amp;#x200B;

&gt;Can I tell her that I will take her to the authorities (court or what have you) for the rent she was supposed to pay, 

You should avoid making vague threats like "pay or I call the police" that could be misinterpreted. No, I didn’t ever prevent her from moving in. I was fine with her moving in at any time. She said that she could not afford to at the designated time, i said that’s fine, move in whenever you need to. I wasn’t going to make her pay rent for one or two weeks if she had moved in in November, which she didn’t. I told her that she would just need rent/utilities for December and that would be fine. She never has moved in, and won’t answer my attempts to contact her. Sorry if that was unclear. And no, that is what I wondering if that was something I could do (tell her that I’ll sure her if she continues to ignore my attempts at contact to solve this problem). Thank you for answering.  If she's on the lease she can move in right now and you can't stop her. It sounds like you already prevented her from moving in which you did not have the right to do. But you can sue her for her portion of the debt she agreed to pay. Have you made it clear you will sue her for every month she remains on the lease and you can't get a new roommate?   We weren’t worried about it at the time. She paid the application fee, and I know it’s stupid to not make her pay first month up front. I just need to know my options now.  So you let her sign the lease without paying a penny?