Our house doesn’t really have enough room to have him, considering he’s going to be turning 13 very soon. The kid needs his own room, he’s been sleeping on our couch. His mother, who is also my boyfriends mother, dropped him off and hasn’t returned except one night where we barely saw her. We want the same things for him, to go to school and worry about kid stuff. Christmas is coming up and he should be with people who love him and support him. His mother is unfit, leaving him in strange places alone where he doesn’t know anyone, she leaves without explaining where she’s going (we assume she’s doing drugs), and earlier today she called and said she was in jail for trying to boost pills. We’re scared to go to CPS or DCFS because we don’t want him to go to a foster home. We want to keep him and let him know we love him. She told us that they’d be sleeping on the street if we didn’t take him. We don’t want him in her drama. He’s a good kid, we just want to become the legal guardians and legal foster parents for him. It’s ridiculous what they’ve had to go through together and I just want the kid safe and from harms way. Any advice would be great. Thanks. Thank you.  You would petition the family court. I wouldn't fret so much about the space aspect right now. That's more important in custody battles where the courts are choosing between two different homes to place the kid in. The options here are no home and brother's home. I wouldn't even be that concerned with CPS/DCFS involvement here. They are going to prioritize placement with family members first.  We’re in Chicago. What if we don’t have enough space for him? That’s what scares me. Does he need to have his own space?  Will the mother sign over temporary guardianship to you? You don't mention a state, but most states have some provision like that. 

If that can't/won't work, call CPS/DCFS. They will attempt to place the boy with family before looking for foster care with a stranger, and having official paperwork as to your authority makes it much easier to register him for school, make medical appointments, etc. In many places, you'd also be eligible for income support for him, which might include cash payments, food stamps, medical card, etc. Sorry bad at explaining, how would go through getting guardianship of him even if we don’t have the space? How can we do this legally with minimal DCFS interference?
Edit: extra question  What's your question?