Apparently a noise complaint was filed with the police(they never came to me) and I have been issued a "formal warning" by the landlord where it states that...

"all voices, musical equipment, electronic devices, televisions, and other noises, etc. be kept at a reasonable volume at all times so as not to disturb other residents. Tenants will not permit any guests or invitees on or about the premises to other disturb neighboring tenants or damage such premises."

"We ask that you keep all noise levels at a reasonable level between 11 p.m. and 8 a.m. as stated in your sign lease agreement. in order to prevent further action immediate attention to this matter is required we ask that you keep all noise at a reasonable level at all times that you maintain compliance with any and all noise ordinances for the city of Norfolk."

I know the floors and/or walls are somewhat thin(I can hear snoring in my bedroom), but I'm not being that loud regardless. Simply walking around produced enough noise once for them to bang on the ceiling. I'm not keen on having to tip toe everywhere or reduce audio to literally nothing for overly sensitive neighbors. Nobody else complains, just them.

There are no mentions in my lease of what "reasonable noise or volume" exactly is. Is there a way for me to maliciously comply by maintaining a level of noise at all hours of the day that is measured within a certain db range? 

Then, record my apartment with the noise and measuring device and present that if it's claimed my noise is "too loud?" I really am happy to try to help you understand this better, but will you please cut back the hyperbole? I do not know what questions are sincere and which are to make the point I am already aware of, which is you think the neighbor is being unreasonable. Nobody said you can't play music or have to whisper when you're on the phone. You may make the amount of noise a reasonable person would expect. If your neighbor is complaining when you really have caused no noise that wouldn't be normal - walking without stomping, turning off music at quiet hours or turning down to a level only you can hear, keeping your voice to a conversation level, then you have nothing to worry about.

Have you tried talking to them directly? That usually works wonders.  Yes, part of me does want petty revenge, because they're being such a-holes about their complaints. I have yet to actually do anything back. I know 100% even if I try to be quiet, they're going to bang on the ceiling again and make another noise complaint.

What's the standard of proof to evict someone? What is the evidence that the landlord would produce? The tenant was upset, so therefore I was making unreasonable noise?

Why should I have to tune my stuff down to 0 because they're making BS claims? I can't even talk on the phone? If they complained about me talking on phone at say 2am, do they have a claim? Do I have to whisper while on the phone? You can not prevent people from doing anything wrong or inappropriate. If it were possible, we would have solved crime by preventing criminals from breaking the law. I am not trying to be glib here; it's just the truth. 

It is never the right choice to be more annoying when you are trying to not annoy someone. It goes to the standard of what is reasonable. Making just under the limit of sound all the time for no reason but spite is not going to be considered reasonable but sure seems like bad acts.

Your rhetorical questions are only underscoring my point. The law simply can not make definitions of anything. If the neighbors keep complaining but you are not actually causing excess noise, the landlord can not evict you or do anything. If they tried, your defense would be the facts. It requires a much higher standard of evidence than "one person keeps complaining." 

This is why we have a jury system. What is "okay" is what a group of people, if asked, all agree is one way or another, with few exception. This isn't an issue for a jury, but to explain how the legal system can correct for one person making an improper claim. That person, their lawyers or a prosecutor needs to prove the problem exists before action against the accused can be taken. This is due process. 

You want to maliciously cause more problems that I have no doubt a group of people would agree is meant to cause grief to prevent reports. This just doesnt make sense if that was your goal. It sounded very much like your goal was to exact extremely petty revenge for complaining about you, was it not? 

Truthfully, it seems you took something personally that was not, and are wasting an amazing amount of energy on it. Just live your life being respectful of your neighbors and considerate about things like music and late night sounds. Keep your mind open enough about criticisms to consider they may be valid. It really is that simple.  I'm going to try and get that information from the landlord first. I do not whatsoever trust the tenant at this point. Sorry, I thought I did mention I had not yet but planned to. I returned home after hours from the leasing office. My work hours start before and end after theirs. I'll have to maybe try during my lunch break.

Yes, I intend to talk to them, however I figured I'll also check here and see what my legal rights and boundaries are, even if partially just to be a bit assholish back to those dickheads. &gt; but also a notice of intention to move forward with possible legal proceedings.

Which is also generic. 

&gt;If I can get something stating I'm allowed to be making ## db level of noise, that would be the most preferable solution, as it's an objectively defendable position.

I've asked you multiple times if you've actually discussed this with your landlord and you haven't answered me. I can only assume that means you haven't. That might be what you *prefer* to do, but the *best* thing you can do is to *actually* talk to your landlord calmly, explain the situation, ask them if they *actually* intend on following up with that letter, and requesting that they directly contact you in the future with some specifics if there's any more complaints instead of going around your ass to get to your elbow.  No plans to continue my normal reasonable noises at least until after speaking with the landlord and police first.  Which is understandable, but how do I protect myself from them making more unreasonable complaints from this point forward? Is there a standard for inside noise? IE: A person should be able to have a TV at 20 db no matter the hour? A floor should reasonably shield from at least 20 db of noise? A floor should shield against normal walking noise? Things like that. What's now stopping them from reporting me the instant I play a song after 10pm?  If the letter didn't mention a police report, I wouldn't be taking it nearly as seriously. I'm trying to kill this before it becomes a bigger problem. If I was making real noise and they complained, I could understand it, but one of their banging on the ceiling moments was me walking on the carpet with every electronic item in my house off. The better solution is them wearing ear muffs to bed or something if someone walking is that "unbearable" for them, but I know they're not going to do that.

If I can get something stating I'm allowed to be making ## db level of noise, that would be the most preferable solution, as it's an objectively defendable position.

As far as the letter they use phrases such as "prevent further action" which yes is generic, but also a notice of intention to move forward with possible legal proceedings. Talk to your landlord, like an adult, about the situation and don't intentionally cause noises just to piss of the neighbor, making them the victim instead of you. The standard of reasonable sound in an apartment is quite literally "below what would bother someone who lives in shared wall buildings." 

During the day, this means music at a normal level or other activity like vacuuming and children and life. At night, when most people are sleeping, it means televisions at a level not heard outside the walls of ones own unit, possibly a dishwasher running right after bedtime, an alarm at 5:15. Determination is pretty much "if there is a dispute, which side would more people think is right: the person playing sounds 24 hours a day or the person whose sleep in disturbed?" Here is it very clear you would be in the wrong, as evidenced by the fact everyone here reacted by saying "that isn't appropriate."

The law does not define what is legal, as in "you have the right to make noise up to 55db." It defines what is prohibited, and allows for interpretation when it comes to subjective matters like "what is acceptable noise." 

If you continue to be a problem, you can be evicted for noise disturbances under the law regardless of what your lease says. Disturbing neighbors is always cause to evict.  Then talk to them.  Knock politely, ask if they have a moment, explain you got the letter from the landlord, and that it would help if you knew what the problem was.  That is the place to start.  It starts with your good faith, assuming the good faith of your neighbors, and behaving like a grownup. &gt; The letter is not generic, and I got it today. Dated today, dropped off today, no specific mention of complaint time or reason, other than noise and the fact that the Norfolk PD have been contacted (which I would reference in asking what level of noise I can acceptingly make).

Generic letters can have dates on them and even a little bit of specific facts in them. I know. I write generic letters all the time. What you quoted is generic language that was copied and pasted into the letter you received. Does this letter address anything they're going to specifically do to you? Or did they just give you a general warning as it looks like they did from what you quoted in your OP. Again, it sounds like you're blowing this way out of proportion.

&gt; I don't see them stopping, and if I "walk too loudly" again, they're going to complain, and then the landlord will start their eviction filling or whatever the process is.

Has the landlord told you that's what they're going to do? Again, have you even talked to your landlord to see if they *believe* these people? It's legitimately not loud. For a majority of the time, headphones are hooked up, and the volume is way down in general when the headphones aren't in.

I'm not even really worried about the music, I could use headphones forever, but what I can't prevent is them hearing me walk from my bed to the kitchen, or talk on a phone. I do not like how they're forcing me into mouse status. The letter is not generic, and I got it today. Dated today, dropped off today, no specific mention of complaint time or reason, other than noise and the fact that the Norfolk PD have been contacted (which I would reference in asking what level of noise I can acceptingly make).

I would hope that if they complain and I have something to back up the noise level being generated and complained against, that the police (and hopefully landlord) will have the tenant stop their BS complaints, because right now, I don't see them stopping, and if I "walk too loudly" again, they're going to complain, and then the landlord will start their eviction filling or whatever the process is. You are really blowing this all out of proportion.  For people you claim never have spoken to about this, you certainly can read their minds about their motives.

Why don't you try turning the music and TV down, for starters, and see what happens? I have never had a problem with any other neighbors in any apartment. In fact, most would say I'm a good neighbor. I helped another tenant I didn't know in the building move their stuff in during a downpour. It's just these turds below me trying to control my noise beyond what is reasonable. They are itching to complain, so I'm hoping to get an "establisbed level of what is reasonable" because if it's not clearly defined, they're going to complain.

Can I just start counter-complaining when I can hear stuff coming from their apartment? Leave them a note saying that I hear their snoring and that I would appreciate they stop or wear a nasal strip or I will be forced to file a complaint? That seems to be equivalent to me walking to my bathroom.

What about walking around? What about turning on a sink? What about the shower? I'd rather not have my life controlled by these people. &gt; The issue I have is that they can now just complain my volume down to zero, or say anything and it's taken at their word,

Says who? You got a generic letter. Have you actually spoken to your landlord about this?

&gt; I want them to complain about objectively reasonable sound levels to prove a point- that I'm NOT making unreasonable noise levels and they're just bitching because they want to hear nothing whatsoever.

You can *want* a lot of things. It's not going to *make* your neighbors be any more reasonable or any less unreasonable. 

&gt; *I do intend to contact the leasing office* and police and see what I can do to protect myself from their frivilous complaints.

So, does that mean you haven't contacted them yet? Again, all you should do is just tell them that they're being unreasonable and that you haven't done anything. Drop the attitude when you do it. 

The police aren't going to care. Calling them is only to make them think you're getting into a pissing match with your neighbors, which you are. That might also make them think you *are* violating the noise ordinance to piss off your neighbor. I wouldn't go poking that bear. 

&lt;I don't care if I need to monitor sound levels and submit as proof if called out.

I don't think you quite understand the irrelevance of your "proof." Yes, you can prove you can stay within a certain decibel level at any given time. You can also exceed that level at any given time. What are you going to do record yourself 24/7?  The issue I have is that they can now just complain my volume down to zero, or say anything and it's taken at their word, hence my intention to monitor the noise. I want them to complain about objectively reasonable sound levels to prove a point- that I'm NOT making unreasonable noise levels and they're just bitching because they want to hear nothing whatsoever. None of my other neighbors have a problem with me and I have been here longer than the people below me.

Now, because of their coming I need a definition of what is normal. What db level can I play my TV at? I do intend to contact the leasing office and police and see what I can do to protect myself from their frivilous complaints. I don't care if I need to monitor sound levels and submit as proof if called out. If you do this, you can still end up with your lease terminated.   Your lease doesn't have a set DB level, it says "reasonable volume," which can readily be interpreted as "volume that can only be heard inside your own apartment."

Is it worth losing your place over?  And having a landlord who will give you a bad reference?  

Grow up.  Try to be a good neighbor.  You will need someone else to be a good neighbor to you someday.
 The bedroom is carpeted, as is the living room. The majority of the time I have headphones on, or the sound is definitely well below 52 db if playing at all. I have no audio device in the bedroom minus if I'm talking on the phone. I highly doubt I'm talking above 52 db.

My main concern here is getting proof that my noises are are not violating city codes/ordinances (and they're still complaining) because I know they're going to bitch about my walking again at a minimum, and the next time, the landlord may move for eviction. That's why I specifically mentioned dropping a can. I know they're just itching to bitch. I also have to be out of my apartment and on my way to work before "quiet hours" are over, which means being up and about.

The tenant "bothered" made no attempt at anything other than a complaint. I kind of want to record the snoring I can hear in my bedroom from them and submit that as a complaint of my own. &gt; So what are frivilous noise complaints? 

Just because they're being jackasses, it doesn't give you an excuse to be one too. 

&gt; How do I beat it another way? 

You don't have to beat it. You act like an adult that doesn't want to chance being evicted from his apartment over some stupid pissing match with your neighbor. You calmly explain to your landlord that you're not doing anything to make a lot of noise and shrug it off like a normal adult would. 

&gt; The landlord isn't making any attempt to survey the noise. 

Because he probably isn't taking the complaint seriously in the first place. All you got sent was a generic letter. It's probably the same the letter that gets sent out to every person that gets a noise complaint called in on them so the landlord can get the people complaining about the noise off his back. It doesn't mean shit. You're wanting to make it into more than what it what it is. 

&gt; How do I prove that reasonable sound levels are being complained against? 

You don't. You just keep on keeping on. It's on the police to prove you're violating the noise ordinance for a citation. It's on your landlord to determine what's not reasonable if he wants to kick you out. Then you have the option to fight it in the court and the court decides what's reasonable.  

You going around and making noise for the hell of making noise that's "reasonable" is just playing with the fire. "Malicious compliance" is just a cutesy way of saying "How can I act like a jack ass and get away with it?". You preemptively knowing exactly what decibel level volume 19 on your tv is or the blender is, just makes it looks like you  intentionally created noises which were *unreasonable enough* to get you evicted*.*  Your argument that "Well I knew it was loud, it's just not *that* loud." isn't a good one to have. It makes you look like a jackass that was looking to cause trouble with his neighbors. The entire purpose of the clause in your lease about noise is to give the landlod the ability to kick people out who cause trouble with their neighbors. You're fulfilling your neighbor's wants by engaging in sophomoric activities like that.  A better strategy to have is to just be normal and if something happens you argue that, "I just lived in my apartment like anyone else did. I didn't make excessively loud noises. Everything I did in my apartment was done in a thoughtful manner towards my neighbors in regards to the noise level." 

&amp;#x200B; It's not about figuring out a way to "beat it." It's about solving the problem like a grown-up. Work with your neighbors and the landlord to address the problem. Maybe you get some rugs, wear headphones late at night, and do some experiments with your neighbors and landlord so you know what "too loud" sounds like. Don't drop cans after 11pm. Maybe your landlord tells them that every little squeak that comes from the ceiling is not unreasonable. Show that you're willing to do what you can to address the problem; don't be a jerk who is actively looking to make it worse. Oh and the actual issues have been the 10pm to 7am "noise," so 52 db. Oddly enough, the lease says "11pm to 8am." How am I going to protect myself against future complaints? I feel like I need to prove they are being "disturbed" by what is deemed reasonable noise (and constantly monitor and record outputs) in order to protect myself from future complaints. If you didn't so anything wrong talk to the landlord. Escalating things, bringing in proof that your intentional disturbance is at a certain volume, is building evidence this isn't "malicious compliance" but an attempt to harass your neighbors or landlord. Nobody will be amused and a judge isn't going to go "LOL bro, no eviction." So what are frivilous noise complaints? How do I beat it another way? If I drop a can, they are going to complain, and I'm fucked. The landlord isn't making any attempt to survey the noise. How do I prove that reasonable sound levels are being complained against? Then the question is what is reasonable for me? What is a reasonable noise level for them to be bothered by? How many nights a week of me enjoying music at or below city ordinance levels is "intentionally disturbing?" If I can get the police to come by and measure my output would that be sufficient? &gt;I don't plan to do anything without consulting more legal savvy people.

I'm a lawyer. My legal savvy advice is don't be a jackass.  I do not wish to renew my lease. I actually tried to get a first floor space when it opened because I like DDR. They said "we can't move you until it's time for a new lease." I still haven't hooked that up for obvious reasons. &gt; be kept at a reasonable volume at all times so as not to disturb other residents.

If you're setting out to disturb the other residents, it's not a reasonable volume.  If you're incidentally doing it while in the normal operations of your life, it's one thing.  Deliberately doing it with the express intention of eventually disturbing your neighbors at some point isn't reasonable. I would not guess on the reasonable volume. I would pull the number from an ordinance/code. I would possibly consider having it surveyed by police or another entity if possible and saying "is this a reasonable level?"

The problem is it's not just the stereo, I was walking to my bathroom with nothing on and I guess my footsteps are too loud for their ears. I'm going to definitely get another complaint for walking around at some point. I'm light under 170lbs, my movements should not be bothering people. They're just "those" neighbors.

I don't plan to do anything without consulting more legal savvy people. I figured that was going to be a possibly, so I need to figure out how I can get around that. Do I just play music at like 40db and each night increase by 1-2 db until they complain again? As long as I'm not at exactly 57 and the sound source is legitimate, I don't see why I'd get hammered. After all, "I'm trying my best to comply with the code!" Instead of an immature decision that will likely turn into your landlord evicting you for the "Totally reasonable volume! Really!" you should talk to your landlord about your concerns like an adult.

Here's how this plays out. You keep the TV at whatever specific decibel range you somehow decide is reasonable, for hours, pissing off your neighbor. The landlord, after more complaints (and possibly police reports) evicts you. You go to court. You argue "I just kept everything at a reasonable volume!" Landlord claims that after you were warned you decided to retaliate by making more noise. Which is true. Decent chance you wind up with the eviction on your record, searching for a place that let's you rent, making life more difficult than if you just turned down the stereo, acted like an adult, or realized that malicious compliance is just fiction. Per Ch. 26 of the [Norfolk, VA Municipal Code,](https://library.municode.com/va/norfolk/codes/code_of_ordinances?nodeId=COCI_CH26NO) sound must be at or below 57 decibels between the hours of 7am and 10pm.

Going out of your way to make a constant noise just to be a nuisance and disturb your neighbors could still be a violation of your lease. Don't be that guy.  Deliberately being noisy - particularly being noisy at night - is going to encourage your landlord to end your lease regardless of how legal your noise level is. Even if they can't evict you for it now, they _can_ refuse to renew your lease over that.

However, your basic premise is, ha ha, sound. Talk to your landlord, explain that you're not doing anything unusual, and ask if they'd be willing to accept a noise measurement as support that the noise complaint is unreasonable.