Sorry if this is a bit long. Basically, a "friend" I offered a couch to when he found out his wife was cheating on him stole a diamond ring from me. It took me about two weeks after he left to realize the ring was gone and after confronting him in person he vehemently denied it. I filed a theft report with my local police department and it took them less than 24 hours to get a match at a nearby jewelry store with video evidence of him pawning it as well as documentation of the transaction of sale with his name and signature. 

After obtaining this evidence the detective in charge of the case contacted him and he admitted to selling the ring, however accused me of lying about the theft and claimed I told him to sell it. When presented with this information I informed the detective that the accusation was patently untrue. The detective then asked me if I could present him with any sort of additional evidence like text messages that proved I never asked him to sell it. I said I thought it was a little backwards that I would have to provide proof that he was lying when the burden of proof should be on him to justify his accusation. The detective said the burden of proof was not on either my "friend" or I, but rather on him to investigate all possible scenarios. 

I told the detective that I might possibly have some texts that could prove he was lying, but after screenshotting him those messages he asked me to bring my devices into the station and hand them over to his IT department so they could obtain copies of the text log directly off my phone. While I understood how screenshots alone weren't valid enough proof, I wasn't okay with the idea of handing my devices over completely to law enforcement, and so I offered to send him copies of the iChat log complete with metadata as opposed to handing over phone completely. The detective told me this was not good enough and that I would either have to hand over my devices entirely or he would deem me uncooperative and the case would most likely be dropped. 

At this point I stood my ground and told him that I wasn't willing to do that and that I would take my chances with him handing over the evidence he already had to the DA so they could determine whether charges would be pressed. After not hearing back for several weeks I followed up with the detective who informed me that after reviewing the case as well as his notation of my unwillingness to cooperate that the DA had decided they were not going to pursue any charges. Never mind that the evidence they had in hand was more than enough to prove the property reported stolen was mine and that my "friend" had indisputably pawned it, because I guess one person making a claim against me with ZERO evidence besides hearsay overrides all of that.

Now, I am in a position of having to appear before a magistrate along with the jewelry store for a property hearing. Basically, the judge will review all the information in the case and make a determination on whether to give the property back to its rightful owner (me), or to the jewelry store who purchased stolen merchandise. I know nothing of the legal system or what I am up against, but my assumption is that I will be looked at in a very negative light given the detective's report deeming me uncooperative. I am also not planning to seek legal representation as the cost of obtaining it would outweigh the value of the ring and is therefore pointless. I do plan to bring a copy of the receipt of purchase as well the GIA booklet for the ring proving my ownership, but at this point is there anything else I can do or present to help me get it back? Am I screwed for not adhering to the detective's overreaching demands? I don't know what to do here and would appreciate any advice from my fellow Redditors.

&amp;#x200B;

tldr: Guy stole a ring from me while crashing on my couch, detective found out where he pawned it with video evidence, guy told detective I made a false report and had given him the ring, detective asked me to hand over my devices to prove I wasn't lying, I refused, case was dropped, now my last hope is a property hearing where I will be up against the store he pawned it to in front of a judge to determine who legally owns the ring.   &gt; I am in a position of having to appear before a magistrate along with the jewelry store for a property hearing. 

Tell us all about that, including how the property hearing came about (courts don't just set a hearing without a case existing; someone has to commence a case). Here's the thing:  wild is correct.  If the case is prosecuted, your "friend" is entitled to defend himself or hire an attorney to do so.  If his defense is that you have it to him to pawn, his attorney will certainly subpoena information to substantiate that claim, which may include your phone.  If you're not willing to do that, it leaves them in a precarious situation. 

Given the specific set of facts, they may have trouble establishing probable cause, which is the legal standard required to initiate criminal proceedings.

As wild said, the standards are different in a civil matter, such as getting your ring back.  You're already doing the right thing. I doubt your behavior in the criminal case is going to affect the civil case, and since you can present the text messages directly, you can probably win.

For what it's worth, I think I understand the detective's reasoning, though. The standard in a criminal case is higher than a civil case, and the police &amp; prosecutors have limited resources. They follow standard procedures to save time, and by insisting on doing something special you were draining more of their time and resources than they felt they could spare for you. I understand why you didn't want to cooperate, and I understand why they refused to help because of that lack of cooperation.