 My husband and I were purchasing an owner financed mobile home and have remained paid up on rent for three years, including now. We were told we could end our contract at anytime if we wished to. When we finally decided to during these last couple of weeks we told them we would be moving and would be out of the house on the 1st. We were paid up until the 4th of February. We were only moving across town so we made multiple trips and would get things each day. We work and have a 5 month old so stretching it out over the week was the best for us. After doing a bunch of moving Tuesday of last week we were exhausted and decided to sleep at the new place. The morning of Wednesday the 30th the house is as it usually is, we get a few more things and decide to come back the next morning for the last of it all and for our cats. We wanted to have the house arranged and not so chaotic when we brought the cats in because they both freak out easily. When we went back the next morning, the company who owns it locked us out, the house had been trashed, a bunch of stuff was stollen and one cat had been thrown out while other was locked inside the trashed house. We went in and got the cat and the last few things that were worth anything which wasn't much and called the company. They said that we abandoned the house and that they weren't sure what happened to the cats or our stuff. They then said the cats were picked up by the shelter and finally then said they let them out. Even though they locked one inside. We called the police and said we suspected the company who owned it. We lost expensive things as well as very sentimental things like family portraits. They stole two old phones of mine, one with messages and photos of my late father then they used the other phone to log into my Facebook and messaged people saying that they were neighbors and they didnt want the owners to get blamed. I feel like that's total BS. They went on to brag about what they stole, including my baby's clothes. They started saying they'd give it back then said they wanted money for the stuff. These people are crazy and being that they had access to my messenger they had access to the address and pictures of my new home. I am terrified of what might happen if I try and pursue court or anything. The local police said this is a civil matter and weren't much help. We lost about 11 or 1200 dollars worth of stuff. The company told my husband in person that a worker let someone in to take the things that were going to be trashed. We tried to get them to admit it through text but they then changed their story and said some other people asked the worker if they could go in and take things but the worker said no. They're story continues to change. Meanwhile all this happened before we even got to finish moving and were paid up to the 4th. Do we have any rights here at all? I know we won't get any stuff back because they're saying they don't have it, but I hate to think that they could get away with it. 