 I had gotten to work and was informed that the oven had not been working for about two days. My coworker said that a technician had left just an hour before I had arrived. “Good”, I thought, now we can get some work done. I was going through my playbook seeing what had to be done when an order came in through Drive-Thru, one of my co-workers asked me to put a sandwich in the oven, so I did. I placed it in the oven that had been fixed and after I closed its door I smelled something burning. Its the smell that occurs when a breaker trips or whenever you can smell electricity in the air burning ozone, it was coming from between our two ovens(they are TurboChefs). I went to open both doors at the same time, left hand on the left oven handle and right hand on the right oven. As soon as my right hand touched the other oven I guess I completed the circuit and was shocked severely, I couldn’t let go for a few seconds and my arms spasmed so hard that my chest was pulled in close to the oven. Some will of strength pulsed through me and I was able to fling my arms up and stumbled and fell onto the ground me stuttering curses of “Sh-sh-shiit F-f-fuck!!” with customers staring at me on the floor wondering what the hell I was doing. It was hard to get up, my body was wobbling and my arms felt as if they had been asleep for 5 years and were shaking terribly, my eyes were seeing dazzles/stars. I didn’t know what to think, I could barely speak, and I felt so tired afterwards... my coworkers ran up to me and asked what happened and I manage to finally say that the oven had shocked me, and don’t they dare fucking touch it. They called an ambulance for me and I went to the hospital, ECG just said my blood pressure and heart rate was high. They didn’t really do much else. Two days later and my Ulnar nerve going up through my pinky finger and down my arm still feels tingly, and my right wrist hurts from spasming so hard. I filed for workers comp and my medical visit will be paid for. I just.. I don’t know, I feel like I should do more, is suing the company for negligence that my work hires to fix our appliances in the realm of possibilities? Whatever that technician did left it incredibly vulnerable and anyone of my coworkers could have gotten incredibly injured, and Im lucky I didn’t fall on my fucking head when I was finally able to let go. The technician that came back to fix supposedly said that it was only enough current to scare somebody, then why the fuck could I barely let go? Why does my arm still hurt days later from spasming so hard? I have a picture of the faulty 3 prong plug and can post it if that help. I’ve never dealt with any legal matter like this in my life before so I don’t know what to do.. I most definitely will. Im afraid I might have minor nerve damage in my right arm, the nerve that travels across my funny bone and up to my pinky feels weird and sore still, and my wrist hurts from clenching to hard With something this serious, you should at least consult with an attorney even if your bills are covered by workman's comp.  Yeah you’ll should consult a lawyer who specializes in workplace injuries