Hello! From 2002-2012, I was a staff editor at a print magazine, employed in both Illinois and later California for the same company (I now live in North Carolina). While I was with this magazine employer, I signed a confidentiality agreement where I agreed not to disclose proprietary information or trade secrets which I remember it outlined as including sales numbers and revenue. I no longer have a copy of this agreement and I don't remember specifically what it said.

My former publication and employer still exist. I was asked to be on a podcast and the interviewer sent a number of discussion topics including "the decline of print media, when did I notice a decline, what was the attitude inside the industry, what did we try to stop it."

The short version of what I'd like to say is that we noticed declining readership and ad sales around 2004-2005, the magazine started operating at a loss in 2007 and continued losing money until I left in 2012, corporate management was made up entirely of old magazine people or sales people who were extremely skeptical of digital content and thought everything should have the end goal of pushing people back to the print magazine.

I know no one here knows what specifically the confidentiality agreement I agreed to said, but just generally do you think the nature of my comments/opinions from my time there would run afoul of the agreement I signed? Particularly not since it involves financial data. If this data is public you can point them to the SEC filings for those. Private corporation, this is not something you decide on your own. &gt;I know no one here knows what specifically the confidentiality agreement I agreed to said...

Exactly, and without that information, nobody here can advise you on this issue.  Your best bet is to play it safe and not do the podcast.

Edit: One more thing I want to add is that many confidentiality agreements have liquidation clauses.  If this is the case, the company would not even have to prove that your disclosure caused them any damages.  They'd just have to prove that you signed the confidentiality agreement and breached it and you'd have to pay the liquidation damages.