Texas

Background: About 4 years ago I was in a bad spot credit-wise and struggling to get back and forth to work and get my kids to school. A boss told me that he had a brand new car and he wanted out of the payments so if I'd make the payments I could have the keys. So I did. I asked him could we put something in writing and he said we'd get around to that. The payments are high and I'm assuming that his interest rate must have been awful. I've asked repeatedly over the last 4 years for 1. Information on the loan including the interest rate, length of payments, and general terms 2. That we come to some agreement about the vehicle about putting me on the title, the registration, or that we discuss and decide what happens to the car upon payoff or even in the event of if he were to die. I've gotten nowhere with this. I've recently found out he'd been telling people he had "bought me a car" and was implying we'd had a romantic relationship. 

 I no longer work for him and am in a much better position with my credit. At this point the car is  considerably upside-down.  I do not want to keep making payments nor do I want to keep the car. I'm generally irritated over the lack of clarity on the vehicle. If it was my car I could sell it or trade it, but it's not my car. I'm nowhere on the information for this car and I have no contract. I have no way to know if at the end of the payments he will just take the vehicle. 

&amp;#x200B;

Question: I'm considering giving the owner 30 days notice to prepare him and then returning the vehicle to him so he ca sell it or trade it or whatever he wants to.  Can I just return it to him or am I in any way liable to pay out the balance of his loan? 

&amp;#x200B;

&amp;#x200B; Sounds like this guy used the car to control you. 

If you walk away he could claim that you had an agreement to buy the car by making the payments, but unless there is something in writing (which you say there is not), this fails the statute of frauds and is not enforceable.  No! You didn’t sign any agreement. All you are doing is helping his credit since the loan is in his name. Another scenario might be that you like pay off the car and he could just come get it. Ditch the car in his driveway.  I did not. When I initially discussed the car I was told that the payment was XXX amount a month. It turned out the payment was $145 more a month than that. I've been faithfully paying it and occasionally he will text if I'm a few days late on payment but we've never discussed a timetable on number of payments or even what the life of the loan or terms of the loan are.  I've asked repeatedly for this info and he keeps dodging it.  Did you ever agree on any kind of timetable for how long you would pay, or agree you would pay the entire loan?

If not, park that shit in his driveway, drop the keys in the mailnox, and walk away.