I closed my father's estate back in February. I had finalized all of his estates and completed everything according to my state's laws (I live in Kentucky, btw). I even had his past taxes completed by H&amp;R Block and checks mailed over a year ago.

So last week I received an IRS letter addressed to "FATHER NAME Decd" asking for nearly $10,000 in taxes plus fees. It includes the $6,000 that I already sent them but then adds all of these late fees with interest. 

I absolutely don't have any way to pay these. After my father's estate was settled, I still had some stocks that were, according to the will, going to me. I have since cashed those out for bills. I guess, theoretically, if those were still in the account and I had them, those would go to the IRS? Either way, I definitely had H&amp;R Block complete taxes for that year (and other years). The problem is, a few months ago, I shredded all documents related to the estate because it's closed, so I don't have copies of those taxes.

So, do I need to talk with a lawyer? Do I need to contact H&amp;R Block to get copies of the taxes? I guess the question is, what's the first step? If you do not have a copy of the return that was filed, you should first contact H &amp; R Block for  copy.  Compare the Notice tot he return filed.  If the IRS is missing the payment, get a copy of the cancelled check from the bank (front and back) and write them,  It is possible the payment was applied to the wrong account.  If there are still penalties assessed after the payment is properly credited, contact the IRS and ask for abatement under the first time penalty abatement program.  If more is actually owed, you might need to reopen the estate and, I assume you have refunding agreement in place to the beneficiaries. You can get copies of the taxes from H&amp;R Block or [directly from the IRS](https://www.irs.gov/businesses/small-businesses-self-employed/deceased-taxpayers-getting-information-from-the-irs); getting those will be your first step, and then review them (or have them reviewed) to figure out where the discrepancy lies and whether the taxes are really due.  Contact h&amp;r block i believe my personal finance teacher told me if you pay someone to do your taxes and they fuck up its on them