My uncle literally just made my sister and me (both 18f, we are his nieces) beneficiaries to his retirement fund weeks before he died of a heart attack. All of us were really surprised by this decision because we only spoke to him a couple times a year. What exactly is the retirement fund comprised of? Not sure how to word this but when is it given to us / how is it deposited into our bank accounts? I hate that this question sounds greedy, but I am curious as to how this process works. thank you Don’t feel weird about it! My spouse and I have no children, so our nieces and nephew are our contingent beneficiaries on all our retirement and insurance accounts. We did talk it over with my siblings so they knew, but in the event that something were to happen to us, we can’t think of anyone we’d rather have the money!

Depending on the kind of account it is, you probably have some options, and they likely have tax implications, so you may want to engage a professional for some advice - just make sure it is someone who would be acting as a fiduciary, with an obligation to your best interests, there are a lot of “financial advisors” out there who are not! If you have more specifics about the account(s) in question, the good folks over at /r/personalfinance would likely have useful input.  Not a Lawyer. Most likely it's a set of investments in stocks and such. It would most likely be liquidated and send to you as a check, but they could request to run it as a Wire Transfer. The process typically involves the Executor of the Will running down the paperwork, registering the death and the Will, dealing with anything extra, and so on - this could take months depending on a lot of factors. It's perfectly fine to want to know how the process works - he clearly wanted you to have it!

The answer, however, will depend on what kind of account it was. Your first step should be ascertaining where this fund was held; typically this is a brokerage like Fidelity, Vanguard, Schwab, Merrill Lynch, etc. Hopefully you already know this from whoever notified you about the beneficiary change.

The second step will be figuring out exactly what kind of account it was. There are multiple varieties of retirement accounts: 401(k), regular IRA, Roth IRA, etc. Each has their own rules about distribution. And by the way, that's what will happen: the brokerage will provide a distribution to you and your sister, probably in the form of a check unless you want to arrange a direct transfer into a bank account of your own. The important thing to note is that you might have to set some of the money aside to pay taxes. Retirement taxes can be really complicated, so if there's enough money involved you may want to consult with an accountant.

(By the way, since you're 18, you should have a bank account that is just in your name and not shared with a parent. Even if your parents are cool, family can get weird when other family money is involved.)

Once you find out where the account(s) are and what type of accounts they are, I would post over on /r/personalfinance who can help you understand the tax implications. [deleted]