
My wife recently had a hysterectomy was held overnight for a fever, discharged the next day, spiked a fever again and was taken to the ER. She was hospitalized for 6 days where they operated to drain the fluid near her pelvis and take labs. She has 3 infections Staph b, E Coli and one other that is still being tested. In addition to oral antibiotics for the next 6 weeks she will need antibiotics administered through a pick line ever 24hrs and will need lab work done lab work done once a week. 

I understand malpractice is a very comprehensive issues but GENERALLY  SPEAKING if someone receives multiple infections from a surgery would the follow up treatments be covered by the doc/hospital? Thank you. 

Location: NV 


 Copy, thank you.  &gt; I assume our insurance will be interested as well? 

Possibly, they would.  I would recommend going the Risk Manager route first though.  If you can get them to wipe the charges, your insurance does not have to be involved.  A worst case scenario would be:  you tell the insurance, insurance disputes charges with provider and makes them appeal, appeal denied since their own incompetence may have contributed to the necessity of services, then the provider comes after you for the full charges, and it eventually goes to collections.  There are a lot of things that have to go wrong for the worst case to happen, but I have unfortunately seen too many accounts go to collections because of healthcare provider incompetence in getting the claims paid.   Thank you, and you are correct we are not seeking any damages, only that the follow up treatments be wiped. I assume our insurance will be interested as well? We’ve hit our out of pocket max for 2018 so my only concern is the recovery treatments in 2019. Thanks again.  It sounds as though you are looking just to have the charges wiped, so you may want to try to contact the Risk Manager at the hospital/clinic that started all this.  A Risk Manager will review the situation/documentation when the hospital has potential damages and look to mitigate the liability, which may include not charging patients for services received.  