So, looking at buying some property, just vacant land out in the county. (I'm in Madison County, Alabama)

There are about 3 trees that are a horrible obstruction of natural light from reaching the rest of the property during mid day, that I want to remove, along the side near the road. 

It looks like one of them is dead and about to fall over either onto the property or onto the utility lines. The others aren't far behind either.

The trees appear to be growing right on the line where the utility company has a 'right of way' along the side of the road. 

Can I cut those trees down if I buy the property? I've seen a lot of people asking the reverse, complaining that the utility company wants to cut down the tree but they want it to stay... But have not been able to find an answer to my question.
 The utility company may cut them down if they are a danger to the lines, contact them 1st.  Definitely was going to be my next thing to do, call the utility company and ask, "Hey, is it gonna screw you up if I cut these down?"

I can't see them objecting, they may only be there because the previous property owner didn't want them cut down or such. Before you would take them out, it'd be a good idea to check with your local utilities to see if they would have objections.  On the property I'd be buying, but they're inside the area (or rather, right on the edge, like half the trunks are) on the utility easement. &gt; Generally road right-of-ways function as easements

I think OP was just describing the location of the easement, not saying that it's in the ROW. But I agree with everything you said because a utility easement functions the same way. &gt; The trees appear to be growing right on the line where the utility company has a 'right of way' along the side of the road.
&gt; 
&gt; Can I cut those trees down if I buy the property? 

Most likely you can (i.e., assuming it's not protected by statute or ordinance, etc.). You can do anything you want with your property as long as it doesn't interfere with the easement. Not a lawyer, but a land surveyor (not in Alabama). Generally road right-of-ways function as easements rather than fee title. This means that in general, most property lines extend to the center of the road, and the 'public' has an easement (right-of-way) to travel along it, etc. This means that natural features like trees that are on your property and within the right-of-way are owned by you, and you can do what you want with them, as long as it doesn't interfere with the public's use of the right-of-way.

Certain jurisdictions (mainly cities) may have tree ordinances that require getting a permit before removing large old trees, but it sounds like this probably wouldn't apply to you. 

I would also caution you from removing any trees  that are close to the side property lines unless/until you have a survey done and know where the property lines are. Are the trees on the property you would buy, just in the utility easement?  Or are they on a separate piece of land you would not own?