TL;DR Purchased a home June of 2018. As part of the negotiations the seller had the upstairs HVAC split system replaced. The seller and I each payed the company at closing. The contractor will not provide a receipt for the work performed, the system was installed improperly, and although the contractor said they would register the product for warranty - I have not received the information. TL;DR2 at bottom

Hello - and thanks in advance for reading my post! This will be a long one as I've been dealing with this situation for almost half a year, so bear with me.

I purchased a home in June of this year. During the inspection process it was noticed by my general inspector that the upstairs furnace was 33 years old, the downstairs ductwork was in disrepair - holes, parts disconnected, ect. I was advised to have a HVAC company come inspect both systems and the ductwork. I hired a company to come out, and they suggested to have both the upstairs split system and the downstarts package unit replaced, as well as the downstairs ductwork.

The seller got their own inspection done by another company. This company stated that the downstairs ductwork needed only to be repaired, the downstairs unit was in good shape, and that the furnace heat exchanger upstairs should be replaced, but the rest of the upstairs systems were fine

After finding the cost of repairs to the upstairs system the seller and I agreed that a new split system would go in - they would pay the amount that would have been required on the repair, and I would pay the remainder - as the seller was not required to replace, only to repair in order to sell the home.

The company the seller used patched the existing downstairs ductwork, installed a new split system for the upstairs, and as a 'jack of all trades' company - repaired various leaks and other services that were requested in the closing agreements.

Now the part where it gets interesting...

On closing day the seller told me that the plumbing was not complete yet and the company would come and finish after closing. We closed on the home and I got the keys to the house and went over. I got in contact with the contractor and he came by and fixed the plumbing issue. While he was about to leave I asked about a receipt/invoice for everything and the warranty information on the work they had performed. He assured me that they back everything they do for a year, that the HVAC equipment came with a 10 year manufacturer's warranty, and that although he didn’t have anything on him, that he would email me all of the requested documents.

So about a month goes by and it all kind of slips my mind - then I get my power bills. They are crazy high. I call the contractor and he comes by a few days later and ‘does a check’ on the outdoor portion of the AC. He says everything is fine, charges, pressures are good ect. and suggests that it was because my AC vents were removed. I explained I had removed them to scrape the popcorn from the ceiling, but they had not been off long. He also takes a look at my filter and says I should be using the cheap 1 month filters - to which I explained I had put a 3 month/better filter in only for the ceiling and drywall work and was replacing them weekly, but once complete with the dusty work I would resume using the 1 month filters. He agreed that that was a good thing to do. He said to keep watch on bills after the dusty work and be in touch. As he’s leaving, I ask again about the requested documents - receipt/invoice and warranty - and he gets my contact information, again, and says he’ll send it over to me.

About a month later I’m in my attic while its raining and notice that there is a leak coming from the roof where the heater exhaust is attached. I call the contractor over, who comes in, looks at the leak and the visible daylight coming in from outside - then tells me that the leaking pipe he attached the new system to was existing, nothing his company did would have caused the leak, and I need to call the roofer. This is bologna, but as this point I don’t feel like arguing with him as he was technically correct about the pipe existing - it didn't mean he didn’t move it. I ask, again, for the documentation on the work performed, again I am told I will be emailed.

The months get cooler, the bills go down, I make more and more efficient improvements to the home (one of them being re-repairing the shoddy duct tape work performed on the downstairs ducts - had another 14” run collapse)

Now the recent stuff - Winter hits - Upstairs heater working well - Good news! I go to fire up the downstairs heater - not working well - Bad news :(  I check the system - it runs a few minutes, then is shutting down and won’t reset until the breaker is turned off/back on. Fault light on the unit says bad board - I order the board, go to replace (I work in industrial electronics - board swap is no big deal) - and figure while I’ve got the furnace portion open, I check the heat exchanger. At this point it’s obvious to me that this was never properly inspected - by the HVAC company I had come out, or by the one the seller had come out. There is a silicone bead on one of the panels that needs to be removed to get to it - it’s from the original install, and completely intact. 

Now I had known I was going to need to replace the downstairs unit and ducts soon after buying the home, but at this point I’m pretty upset I didn’t even get a year out of it - and that both inspection companies didn’t properly vet the heat exchanger since it’s a fire and carbon monoxide hazard. I figure I’ll call around, get some quotes, and get the system and ducts replaced

Every company - and I’ve had about 8 come and give quotes - has mentioned the AC unit for the upstairs is not properly installed and would not meet code. It’s under my deck, with about 14” of clear space above it - 21” if you go all the way to the deck boards. I contact the HVAC contractor from the install, again. I can’t get in touch. I contact the company's owner -  He says it’s fine, that’s where the old unit was, and it ran for 15 years - don’t worry about it. I ask for something in writing stating that if the manufacturer will not honor their 10 year warranty, that his company cover the repairs. He says ok, sure. I again, ask for a receipt, warranty information ect - and apparently this rings a bell as the owner starts saying they had worked on getting me the info, but it was all done under the sellers name and they were working on transferring it to me and that’s why I never received anything, but he’ll work on transferring the warranty and get back to me. He said he can’t get me an invoice because it has the home sellers information on it - and to contact the seller.

I contact the seller, they don’t have anything. They contact their agent, they don’t have anything but the bid papers. The seller tells me that she’ll have her agent contact the HVAC company owner because they ‘go way back’ and get me the requested information. I’ve called the install guy and he said he was ‘working on’ the documents requested. I ask about moving the AC system and he says it probably won’t fix anything, but if that’s what I want he’ll do the work (not sure if that meant he wants to be paid for it, but whatever)

So, just today I go to the city building where you file for permits - surprise, no permit was ever filed for - which is why no inspection was ever done - which is why they were able to improperly install my system. I ask for what I should do with my situation and they basically said they couldn’t tell me anything official and got my contact information and will get back to me Monday when their building inspector or whoever is back in the office.

TL;DR2 What I’m looking for advice on is how to proceed with my situation. I have a improperly installed AC - pretty sure the heater and return vent aren’t installed properly either. I want the AC moved / installed to code and manufacture specs - really I’d like to have everything inspected and the HVAC company to abide by the codes. The HVAC company did not file for a permit. I do not have an invoice. I do not have any warranty information for my system - or know if the manufacturer will honor it since it's not installed right. How do I get these guys to come and fix these issues and give me my paperwork? I have the closing documents which show how much the seller and I payed them - but nothing its itemized (it’s the same number on the bid paper though). Do I have enough proof to say they even did the work? Can I hold them accountable for my utility bills? Or the downstairs system repairs? Or the heat exchanger / downstairs system needing repaired/replace since they said it was fine? Who should I contact for help with all of this? I was thinking the BBB - possibly small claims. But it may not be worth pursuing in a legal bout if the fees are more than just having someone else come fix it all.

Thanks for any advice!

&amp;#x200B;

&amp;#x200B;

&amp;#x200B; All the equipment they installed is serialized and it shouldn't be too difficult to track the sale and tie the company to the equipment.

As far as the shoddy install, I think your local building department will take care of most of it. They generally don't take kindly to unpermitted work and will go out of their way to make this company suffer until everything is done right. But, make sure to tell them all your concerns and politely ask if they can force remedies. Arm yourself by reading the installation instructions for your equipment, particulary the section of the outdoor unit's manual which spells out minimum clearances for airflow and serviceability.

Regarding the downstairs unit- you don't need to remove a heat exchanger to inspect it. We have combustion analyzers and carbon monoxide meters for that. I'm not familiar enough with the law side of this to truly comment - but if I say something is safe and you die a month later from it, that's a lawsuit. It's the reason we carry liability insurance, and the same reason I shut off the gas to appliances putting out Carbon Monoxide..

I would definitely imply that they're liable and go after them on it, whether or not it holds up The brand is Armstrong Air. I believe the equipment has a 3 year warranty if not registered, 10 if registered - however the documentation said I had to register the product in 60 days. Hopefully they work with me on this. I agree - it's time to be rude. What's your opinion on the downstairs inspection? I feel like they should have been trusted to properly check the downstairs heater, and they did not - as a result I'm looking at a high bill to repair / replace this.

Thanks for the advice! HVAC pro here, not lawyer.
File a complaint with state licensing and any county/municipal licensing. That will get an IMMEDIATE response/attention from the contractor that they need to get their shit together.

The registration of the equipment - what's your brand? Most have a generic warranty if un-registered (5 yrs) so you're currently covered. You get the 10 if it gets registered. Has to be original homeowner, but given the circumstances they should have registered it to you, and you paid. If they are of no help, contact the manufacturer and explain. They may be unable to help, but they may.

You've been entirely too nice - time to be rude. [removed] I should note that the improperly installed system is where the old system was previously - do you think this would hinder moving forward? Thank you for the advice! Write a letter of intent to the company, make sure a response is required within a certain amount of time otherwise report to the permit board and bring them to small claims for what they cost you or the estimated cost to do the job right including permit fees The only record I have of payment is in the closing statement for the home, which has the amount paid to the HVAC company from both the seller and myself. The closing check was a lump sum paid to a law firm, who then dispersed the funds I assume. If there’s no record of the work being done you should have your bank pull the payment and have the seller do so as well, or have a letter drafted to that effect sent to the HVAC company