 My wife was a sweet person for the first 8 of the 10 years we've been married. We have no children, own a home with about 20k equity, and have some money in savings. About 18 months ago, it was like a switch flipped and she started having emotional highs and lows that have gotten worse over time. Lately she has been in a manic phase unlike anything I've seen before, and as the phase escalates she becomes more and more unstable. In the last couple of weeks, she has started getting in my face during arguments, blocking me with her body when I try to move away from her, and screaming at me. I am concerned that if this phase gets more intense she'll come after me with a knife or something. This has been going on for long enough that I'm not convinced it will get better, and I'm considering divorce. My questions: 1. Her name is on the title paperwork for the house, but not the mortgage. Do I have any legal recourse to make her leave? 2. If I leave and use some of the money in savings to establish myself in another home, would this result in any kind of penalty later in the divorce process? 3. Due to the issues mentioned above, she recently lost her job and has not had much luck finding a new one. She makes about 25% of what I make. Is it possible I could be required to pay her alimony / support her in the "lifestyle to which she has become accustomed"? 4. If I leave and move out, does this weaken my legal standing RE: the house in a divorce? My ideal solution would involve selling the house and splitting the equity, but I'm not sure we'll be in a place to do something so reasonable. 5. Any other suggestions for how to keep myself safe while protecting myself legally? If you think she has become a danger to herself or others, take her to the emergency room, or have the police come out and take her for you. She will he checked over by a psychiatrist, and if they agree about the danger, will be 5150ed, and taken to a psychiatric hospital until she is treated well enough to not be a danger. For completeness, because some people are scared of 5150ing someone. I’ve been 5150ed before for being a danger to myself. It’s scary at first, you don’t know what is going to happen, and TV/movies give you a pretty bleak idea of what a psychiatric hospital is like. It really isn’t like that. It’s more simply a place where all responsibility is removed from you. It really is very pleasant once you settle in. The next time she exhibits the behavior that most concerns you call for an ambulance. The medics will evaluate her and could recommend a "hold" where she would be observed for a set time (72 hours in my area) in a local psych ward/hospital. It would probably be the easiest way to get her seen by a medical professional at this point based on your comment. You can get your spouse involuntarily committed if she’s become dangerous to herself or others. It’s called “civil involuntary detention” in MO. In an emergency you can call the cops to initiate the process, there’s also an Access Crisis Hotline you can call. I would recommend calling them for advice. If she kept the house she should be required to refinance or sell of she's unable to do so. You'll want that possibility clearly outlined with deadlines in your divorce if you think it's likely she won't qualify. Thank you! RE: the last response - she has a mountain of student loans and probably can't get a mortgage due to debt:credit ratio. What happens if she "keeps" the house but I "keep" the mortgage?  It will likely mean that you'd have to deal with splitting up two properties instead of one. . She makes about 25% of what I make. Is it possible I could be required to pay her alimony / support her in the "lifestyle to which she has become accustomed"? It's possible but you'll need a lawyer to look over more facts to see if it's likely. : the house in a divorce? My ideal solution would involve selling the house and splitting the equity, but I'm not sure we'll be in a place to do something so reasonable. If someone keeps a house in a divorce as a matter of practicality it's often the person who was still living in it. That's more true when kids are involved. If she kept the house you wouldn't lose your claim to the equity though. Unfortunately not. She made a scene the last time she went to the doctor and ended up being escorted out of the waiting room. Her doctor is very concerned but she is now unwilling to go back as she thinks he is "out to get her." I'm trying to get her to talk to a psychiatrist but haven't had much luck as I am also "out to get her" at this point. What you owe her depends on the state you live in. Get a lawyer. When you interview them, they usually give 1/2 hr gratis and you can ask these 4 questions to them then. It’s different by state, and alot of other factors need to be considered. Set up at least 3 appts so you can see who is the most knowledgeable, Has she been evaluated medically or psychologically? A sudden mental change could be evidence of a physiological problem, like a brain tumor.