Wife and I are first time home buyers in Florida. We went under contract on a home based on a viewing and the information in the MLS listing. We went up to asking price based on the advice of our realtor who was also duped by the inaccurate listing, which she used to pull the comps. When we got to the inspection, our inspector found many problems with the home that specifically contradicted the information in the listing. For example, the listing advertised "new windows" on the house but in reality only two windows were new and the rest were significantly older. The "newly remodeled top-to-bottom bathroom" had only a replaced vanity and coat of paint on the walls (and even that was done exceedingly poorly) and was therefore "remodeled" according to the seller. The "fenced backyard" was due to two neighbors having fences (the rest of the yard was unfenced). There were tons of similar issues through the whole house. When our realtor brought the issues to the attention of the listing realtor/seller, she said that her listing was "technically accurate" as it's not defined what "remodeled" means, etc. We were told to either take it or leave it. We promptly cancelled the contract because there was no way the home was as valuable as implied in the listing. Do we have any recourse here or are we out on the inspection fees we paid? It's not much money ($500ish) but it's a lot to us and hurts our ability to move on to another home. [deleted] I don't hold it against them. If your job is to sell something, then you have to present what you're selling in the best possible light and downplay or ignore its shortcomings. [removed] Our inspection failed the furnace &amp; AC completely, and we used that to renegotiate the contract at a lower purchase price.  The inspection also found some limited mold in the house, and we used that to negotiate mold remediation done before the close.  That's an important aspect of the inspection - using it to renegotiate terms.  
 My parents were shopping for a house and they came across a couple listings that sounded lovely... one with “5 sunny acres” and another with “a family sized orchard and vineyard.” 

“Sunny acres” meant “not a single tree to be found” and “family sized” meant an apple tree, a pear tree, and some grapevines on the fence.  Puffery. [deleted] Did you get an inspection?? &gt;Like I said, we're first time home buyers and didn’t expect a listing agent to stretch the truth.

Just an FYI for your next one: That's basically their job description. I can agree that the puffing went too far! Seems pretty shady to me. Typical puffing is saying things that are more opinion based (stuff like "beautiful floors, unique landscaping, spacious kitchen) instead of just straight up fraudulent statements. Again, hate that this happened to you! :( Buying a house is far from what HGTV paints it to be. It's a lot of headaches!  Excellent outlook. I think in this case the puffing went a little too far (I didn’t mention everything in the post) but nonetheless, we’ve learned our lesson. Excellent point. Didn’t think of that! First thing I did was fire our realtor as soon as we got our deposit back from the title company. Yes. Very much this. Didn't anyone view the place before ordering an inspection? If not then this is all on you. Get rid of that Realtor before they do you any more harm by blame shifting for their own incompetence.  [removed] Your agent should have pointed out many of the same things the inspector did. It's her job to notice things like a bath "remodel" that's just a new vanity and paint, a backyard that isn't actually fenced and windows that aren't all new. That's what agents do. They don't rely on the MLS listing to pull comps, they rely on their own eyes and judgement. And then to advise you to raise your  offer to full listing price boggles my mind. 

Your agent is incompetent. I would implore you to seek out a competent agent. She's only cost you $500 so far. If you wind up buying the wrong house at the wrong price, it could wind up costing you tens of thousands of dollars and a lot of pain and suffering. While the inspection fee is a sunk cost,  you’ve at least now found an inspector for next time who you know does their job well.  All too often there are stories of inspectors missing things. NAL but am a licensed realtor in NC-- this has already been said, but you're out on your inspection cost. That's always a cost paid for by the buyer and is nonrefundable because the service was provided. The good thing about getting a house inspected is you always find the stuff you didn't notice during your initial showing- hence why you pay an inspector for 3-4 hours of their time to observe and test every last square inch of a house before you fully commit to buying it. 

Puffing is allowed in most places, but both the listing agent and buyers agent have a responsibility to fact check everything. A listing agent shouldn't trust every word that comes out of a sellers mouth, and a buyers agent shouldn't trust every word written into a listing.  You can never just take someone's word in real estate, unfortunately. There are a lot of good, honest agents out there, but there are also a lot of sneaky assholes looking for a paycheck. Even when an agent says they didn't know about something, they can still be held accountable for things they *should* have know. 

I'm sorry this happened to you, but look on the bright side- you discovered these things before you moved your whole life into this house! I hope your house hunt proves to be more successful with the next property and you proceed with a little more caution.  The world would be a much better place if people just sucked less sometimes. One from my own experience - bought a house with "gas central heating". After a couple of weeks I called a gas engineer because I thought I smelt gas around the boiler. He looked at it, told me it had never been serviced and condemmed it. I complained to the realtor who said "It said it had gas central heading, it didn't say it had working gas central heating". New boilers are not cheap, lesson learned. And believe me, I've been involved in many deals where the lesson was much more expensive. All things considered, I'm glad it was only a $500 lesson. Most states allow something called "puffery". Depending on the state, they cannot mislead on anything considered to be a material defect. Nothing you've described rises to the level of material defect. You can ask a lawyer, but now you are spending more money on something that in best case will result in a slap on the hand.

Welcome to real estate. I've interacted with 100s of selling agents and the majority of them stretch the truth as far as they can without getting themselves in legal trouble. 

If you were there during the full inspection, consider it to be a $500 lesson in what to look at and ask about next time before you start an offer. I think you mean sunk. A sunk cost which sucks, but necessary. I only gave a few of the more obvious examples. There were plenty of non-obvious issues with the home too that our inspector uncovered. Oh, we did. Our realtor was totally in agreement that we get out of that house ASAP. Makes sense. That's what I figured. Sucks to learn the hard way that unethical doesn't always mean illegal. Sorry, it sucks. But like /u/reddituser1211 pts out, most of what you described seems like pretty obvious stuff that you probably could have picked out while doing your viewing. The house inspection should only be performed once you're pretty sure you really like the house and the _obvious_ things have all been addressed and/or you're ok with/can live with them. i.e., usually passing the house inspection is written into the sales agreement once you've made the offer and start drawing up the paperwork. "We agree to pay you $X but only if the inspection does not turn up anything significant.", where "significant" will be up to you as the buyer. The house inspector will (or should) find the _non-obvious_ stuff that you would have no clue at spotting like bad plumbing (unless you're a plumber) or a structural wall that has been improperly modified which could lead to structural damage. Then, the inspector's findings will be used to negotiate the sale price down, or get the seller to remedy them as a condition of sale. 

I'm surprised your realtor didn't cool your jets on the home inspection and/or point out these obvious things to you.  For example, we didn't realize the "new" tiles in the bathroom were actually just painted until our inspector pointed it out. Blame definitely partially lies with us but I chalk some of that up to being new to this. Like I said, we're first time home buyers and didn’t expect a listing agent to stretch the truth.

Our realtor said it was definitely unethical but she can't give legal advice. Figured it couldn't hurt to ask. No. And never go into a purchase worrying about getting the inspection cost back. That's a sunk cost and did it's job.

Edit: Autocorrect The listing agent is right. All of that wording is non-specific puffery. You are not entitled to anything at this point.  You can speak with the agency the realtor was working with if they were not independent.  Otherwise, not much you can do.

This may be grounds to break contract and get your deposits back. That's what I figured, which sucks (at least from my current perspective) but makes total sense. It's mostly just frustrating since we wouldn't have offered on the home if the listing was accurate. How did you fail to notice these concerns in the viewing?  

&gt;she said that her listing was "technically accurate" as it's not defined what "remodeled" means, etc.

She's probably not completely wrong.  I'm not sure you've described a statement that isn't at least subject to some interpretation.  When all of those things were perfectly obvious upon even a casual inspection your case is hard to make.  

This may be an ethical issue for the listing agent.  It would not appear to be a legal issue. I've never heard of anyone recovering the cost of a house inspection from the seller because the inspection did its job - uncovering faults with the property. You have to consider the cost of the house inspection as a sunk cost; think of it as a $500 insurance policy preventing you from buying a lemon. Much better $500 now than $LOTS later. Spoke with them already. Our licensing board can fine, educate, and reprimand the realtor but that's the extent of the remedies they offer. Bring it up with the licensing board for the agent who created the MLS listing.