I was out walking my dog and on my way back to the apartment when some lady was calling out to get my attention. I never stopped and went into my apartment. About 30 seconds later a knock at the door and a lady is standing there saying she saw my dog poop and not pick it up. She said either go pick it up or it's a fine of 100 or more because of a lease violation.

I looked at her and said, "fine me." I wasn't going to argue at my door over this. 

I don't have a copy of the lease, management over these apartments has changed twice and this new one came on a couple months ago. 

Besides the word of this lady who works here, there will be no evidence that was in fact MY dog's poop but there's also no way for me to prove it wasn't Did your dog actually poop and did you actually decide to just leave it there and not pick it up?

...

Read your lease and see what it says in regards to **being a responsible owner** and picking up after your pet.  It should outline if you get a fine and how they would go about establishing you violated a term in the lease.

&amp;#x200B; Curious that you didn't specifically say that your dog didnt poop or that you did pick up an droppings.

There are of course dog poop DNA companies. If they really wanted to drag you through it, it wouldn't be difficult to get an exemplar of your dog's DNA. If she picked up the poop that was out there, wouldn't be difficult to link it to your dog.

Of course you said without evidence. There's an eyewitness. Depending on how much faith they put in their employee, they could fine you. But it would have to be in the lease that you signed.

Sounds like first step is get a copy of your lease. NAL

The poop is evidence. And there is a witness. 

My apartment forces registration with the pooprints program which does DNA comparison on poop. If it matches they charge the owner a 250 fine per the lease. 

Like /u/diabloconqueso said check your lease. You can only be fined for things outlined in the lease.  You cannot be fined arbitrary amounts for arbitrary things.

So it's going to come down to what's in your lease and lease addenda. If you don't have a copy, get one and see if this fine is included.