Hello Everyone.  Yesterday my girlfriend was traveling from her family's home in Cape Cod back to her residence in Rhode Island.   When switching over from RT 495 to RT 95 she ended up hitting a puddle with her car and hydroplaning.  The car landed in a ditch and was pitched at 45 degree on the embankment and she was lucky enough to be able to exit the vehicle.  She managed to get her 135 lb dog out of the vehicle as well  and a good Samaritan who witnessed the incident had already pulled over to ask her if she was all right and in need of any assistance.    Thankfully she was fine but a little shaken up from the event.    She called AAA and had them on the way to hopefully tow the vehicle from the ditch.  Shortly after a state trooper arrived.  At first she felt relieved ,but her relief was short lived.  

The officer never exited his vehicle.  He got on his megaphone and told her to approach his vehicle.  When she got over to his vehicle he never asked her what happened or if she was OK.  She told the officer she had AAA on the way to tow the vehicle.  He got very agitated and told her to cancel her service request as he had a tow truck on the way.  When she asked him why , he shouted at her and answered exclaiming this incident was under his jurisdiction and not hers.  She complied and cancelled her request.  The Good Samaritan who witnessed the incident approached the officer and told him she wasn't speeding and that she lost control of the vehicle after hitting a puddle.  He was promptly told by the officer to go home as everything was under control.    My girlfriend asked the officer if she was in trouble and if her car would be impounded ; as she was still confused about his insistence that she cancel her service request to AAA.   He shouted at her and told her to get back in her.  She politely reminded him that her car was practically vertical and getting back in it was not a safe option.  She also told him she needed to keep an eye on her dog.   A short while later the tow truck the State Trooper called in arrived and pulled her car from the ditch in a matter of minutes.  He then asked for payment and informed her he only accepted cash.  The State Trooper gave her a 150 dollar ticket for not maintaining control of her vehicle and exiting her lane of operation.  To add injury to insult the tow truck driver held her license and followed her to an ATM so she could pay him $120.    The entire time the officer never once exited his vehicle.  

I just can't imagine this situation was handled properly by the State Trooper.  He had no concern for her well being, never even bothered to exit the vehicle, forced her to pay for a tow unnecessarily and frankly he treated her and the witness to the accident poorly.   Last night we sent an email to the MA State Police who suggested we file a complaint.  I can't imagine everything was "done by the book" in consideration of this event.  She is considering getting a lawyer to fight the fine given to her by the officer but more importantly she doesn't want anyone else to be treated the way she was by an officer of the law now or ever.  Does anyone out there feel she has a case ? 

&amp;#x200B;

&amp;#x200B;

&amp;#x200B; &gt; Under what basis would OP need to use the trooper's slower arriving truck rather than her own (free) one, other than a bit of a kickback (which is pretty obvious here)?

Almost 100% not the case. Many areas have a non-compete contract with a towing company in that area. What it comes down to is that it ensures that the jurisdiction knows that the vehicle will not just be left at the side of the road until the end of creation.  I don't know about that trooper's jurisdiction, but in mine, if we arrive at an accident scene and handle it, we are only allowed to use a specific tow company that is contracted out by our department. I agree with you and the majority of the Reddit faithful who responded to this post. Unfortunately it isn't a requirement for the officer to be courteous and in this case she just wasn't fortunate to have a pleasant (or intelligent) officer arrive at the scene.   However, I do wonder if the officer had the right to force her to cancel her AAA service request.  It seems like small potatoes but she could have avoided the $120 towing fee that resulted and asking her to get back into her car while it was in a near vertical position is just comical.  I didn't mention it in the original post but the AAA truck actually drove by before the truck called in by the state trooper even began to pull her car out the ditch..   O well.  Thanks for the response.  Police agencies generally have arrangenents with certain tow companies who have time constraints in getting to a scene so they can clear up accident scenes quickly. So if the police get there before your private tow does, then they are probably going to tow it. 

Being on the side of a highway outside of a vehicle is dangerous for anyone, but specially police because people tend to rubberneck and veer their vehicles over as a result when they see police. Many officers have gotten struck and/or killed this way. Hence that just might be their policy for handling accidents. 

Lastly, the citation sounds valid. She did in fact failure to maintain control. She was going too fast for  conditions.  Not at all clear it’s a kick back. Indeed the odds of the officer risking his job over a few bucks as a kick back is next to zero. You have an accident which the officer probably has orders to use specific tow companies to ensure safe performance.  OP is free to make a complaint, but I wouldn’t count on anything happening. &gt;She is considering getting a lawyer to fight the fine given to her by the officer

What would her defense to the failure to maintain control charge be?  The evidence seems absolutely overwhelming that she failed to maintain control?

&gt;Does anyone out there feel she has a case ?

A case for what?  What loss did she suffer that wasn't her own fault?

&gt;she doesn't want anyone else to be treated the way she was by an officer of the law now or ever. 

In the grand scheme of concerns about policing, "he didn't talk nicely to me" doesn't rate particularly highly. His agency probably would have liked him to inquire as to her well being.  He might argue that her well being was self evident upon his arrival. &gt;nothing here rises to the level of an actionable complaint

Under what basis would OP need to use the trooper's slower arriving truck rather than her own (free) one, other than a bit of a kickback (which is pretty obvious here)?

I'd make a complaint and lay it all out as OP did here. The trooper sure sounds like he was an asshole, and she is free to file a formal complaint with his department.

With that being said, he broke no laws and even if he did violate some part of his department's policy (by the book), at most this sounds like a written counseling.

She is free to hire a lawyer to fight her ticket, but.....she did fail to maintain control of her vehicle. [removed] Even if it wasn’t by the book, nothing here rises to the level of an actionable complaint.  She failed to maintain control of her vehicle and the officer was pissed, he could have been nicer, but being nice isn’t a requirement.