I just got a letter on the door of my apartment. It had my girlfriends name on it and I texted her about it. She told me to open it expecting it to be a letter about a late fee from last month. Turns out it was a notice to vacate. Apparently there have been multiple disturbance complaints and “multiple notices have been sent out with no resolve.” Thats in quotes because we have not received any notices, calls, emails, or letters in the mail about said disturbances. 

She called the property owners asking what was going on and the owner refused to talk to her and let the secretary do all the work. Apparently we had a party at one point where we were throwing up off our balcony recently, but that couldn’t have happened. My girlfriend is 4 months pregnant. We don’t party, and we don’t drink much anyway. She hasn’t had anything to drink since she’s found out. 

They called her back soon after and changed their demeanor and told her it was instead the dogs and that if she got rid of the dogs we could stay. She paid $600 for a deposit for the dogs we have, (two small, and a large dog). She also pays $25/m extra for the pets.  Not sure if they can vacate us because of our dogs due to all the money we’ve put out for them. ($600+$25/m for 5years) They don’t bark more than a normal dog, like when people come up to our door or when emergency vehicles drive by. They play pretty hard and we are upstairs, but if that’s the case it should be written in the lease that they don’t allow more than one dog in an upstairs unit. It’s not written in there.

So they’re lying about reasons to vacate us. 

She’s grandfathered in to this apartment paying half the rent everyone else pays and we’re worried they’re just trying to kick us out to renovate and move in new tenants to make more money. 

Our neighbors like us as far as we know. They’ve been here just as long if not longer. We had two new neighbors move in downstairs in two different apartments but I feel like they would have mentioned to us about any problems regarding noise or animals. 

Not sure what we can do. We already talked to a lawyer and he told us to get copies of the notices and keep paying rent. He said that if they accept the rent further they are voiding the notice they sent. 

I can answer more questions, but right now I don’t know what else to write down.  As a non-legal note, it's not "normal" for dogs to bark when a doorbell is ring or when emergency vehicles go by, especially the last one. You may have an issue if you don't train them appropriately out of these behaviors.  True unless there are other protections in place.  If they're paying half the prevailing rent, it's possible they are in rent-controlled housing, which could bring with it restrictions on evictions.

While not likely (and I don't know much about Alabama-specific tenant-landlord laws), it should at least be floated up just in case. January 5th would be 30 days, so, unless they put the notice on the wrong door, the hard truth is that you guys have 30 days to find a new place to live because the landlord no longer wishes to rent to you and is giving you appropriate notice of that.

You're free to approach the landlord/management and attempt to negotiate. https://imgur.com/a/lRL7q8C

We’ve received no notices about any disturbances.  On a month-to-month agreement, you can be asked to vacate with 30 days notice, no reason necessary.

Is that what the notice to vacate says? She has a lease with the property owners. It’s month to month but we’ve paid every month.  Is there a lease in effect?