 [GA, USA] I got some vaccines when I was very little. When I was in high school we kept getting letters sent home saying that I was not up to date on my vaccinations, and that if I did not get them I would not be allowed back to school. My dad ignored them, the school never enforced it so it was all forgotten about. Right before I started college I was supposed to send them my vaccination records in order to enroll in classes. It was very last minute and I couldn't find them. My mom took my sister's records, edited the dates, and said "it doesn't matter, you have them all anyway." At the time, I forgot about the letters in high school and the fact that my mom didn't know about them because I lived with me dad. Important fact: My mom is a doctor. Anyway, I think maybe I never got the MMR vaccine. I want to find out, and get it if so. However, I would have to go to the university health center for this. I don't know how to explain the fact to my doctor that I don't know if I'm vaccinated and that I don't have a way to find out, without having to explain the situation. Anyway I'm not asking if I should lie or anything. My Question: Is my mom (who is a doctor that forged a medical document) going to get in a lot of trouble if my doctor finds out?  If you had a regular pediatrician at the time you can request your immunization records from them. Just give them a call. They might charge you a nominal fee for printing them out but it will probably be less than ten bucks.  Not legal advice here, I think that's covered. I have for a client, an infectious disease and travel medicine doctor. Practically speaking, you probably need to settle your immunization situation, like now. The main vaccines you look for are: Mmr, which we can easily draw titers (immunity levels) on. Some people are vaccinated 4 and 5 times, still come up negative. We just revaccinate. HepB is much the same. Simple blood work for surface antibody and antigen. Tdap, which is good for at most 8-10 years. If you stepped on a rusty nail you generally need a booster anyway. Varicella, which is not needed if you had chicken pox. HIB And for college, meningococcal and HPV, which you would have gotten in the last 4 years. Obviously go to a doctor, but most insurances will cover these without question (people lose immunity, or a bad lot / batch is not impossible) but check with the insurance company, or health service you use.  Your mom could find herself in trouble and the state board could pull her license. Another way to go about it is say that there is some confusion as to the dates that you got your vaccines. You were living with your dad and are unsure if the dates are correct. You remember one date, the paperwork says a different date and you just want to make sure. Then what the health center will do is draw an immunity titer to make sure you are current. NAL. You can always ask your dr at uni to run a titer, you can just be honest and tell him you're concerned you might not have full effectiveness and want to double check. It's just a small blood test I did it when I was pregnant.  They're divorced and I lived with my dad so apart from when I was a baby plus the gardasil shots she later got me, my dad would have taken me to get shots. I know I'm vaccinated for almost everything but I can't remember which one my high school said I was missing. I'm confused. Did your mom ever take you to get vaccines? Or did she assume your dad did it but then he didn't. Does she think you are vaccinated? One way to find out if you are immune is to get antibodies tested. You can get an MMR booster. They can also do a titer test to see if you have the immunity, but a booster will be easier and cheaper. A very to the point answer, thank you Thanks, good to know. I would have to ask my dad because I lived with him at the time, I hope he remembers that far back.  Just say you don't have your record, you don't believe you've been vaccinated for MMR since you were an infant, and they'll give you a booster. From WebMD: "Generally, adults born before 1957 are considered immune to measles and mumps. The CDC advises most adults born in 1957 or afterward who can't show that they've had all 3 diseases get an MMR vaccine, whether they had one as a child or not." Just go in and say you'd rather be safe than sorry and ask for a vaccine without referring to your vaccination record. Yes. She can have her license pulled by your state’s medical board.  Yes, forgery is a crime.