Hey guys, I hope this is the right place to post this, I need some help/guidance on how to go about subletting. I live in a 4-bedroom house in the Bay Area and my contract/lease is up at the end of April. However, do to personal circumstances, I have to move to Southern California (new job). The roommates have known for about 5-6 weeks that I've been looking for new work, but my first offer came in around November 14th, and on that day I made a Craigslist post for the room, and I sent it to the roommates via Gmail to obtain their approval of wording, etc. Three days after that I notified the landlord via Gmail of my intent to move out (after the offer was finalized, etc) and rent out the room to another individual (and regrettably told the landlord that we are going to find someone we all agree upon, I think i messed up by saying that in the email).

The issue is that one of the three roommates has been saying that he's uncomfortable with renting out to a female (doesn't want to share a bathroom with a girl) and has been telling me to ignore girls that text me inquiring about the room. About 60-70% of texts and inquiries have been from girls, from both Craigslist and Facebook. Last night was the first night someone actually came to see the room, and one of the roommates is saying he doesn't want that person because he is "weird/lame". Is this grounds for rejection? Do I have to listen to my roommates or can I sublet to that guy while ignoring my roommates/co-tenants? We're all on separate leases for the house. What can I do? I have 8 days to find someone to take over my lease before I move out.  Thanks for any advice in advance, I've never had to do something like this before.
 But if I want to lease it out to someone that's completely eligible (in terms of financial stability, etc), and my roommates don't want that person, then what?  Who would win that in court, for example?  Or is it not that black &amp; white? You appear to all be on the same lease just signed as 4 separate copies, based on what you posted elsewhere, so you'd all be liable. There might be more room to be selective where it involves someone you have to live with, unlike the typical landlord-tenant relationship, but undoubtedly a "No girls" rule would be unlawful. What about my roommates not giving valid reasons for rejecting people we interview? 1) You almost certainly need your landlord's approval to sublet; 
2) Honoring your roommate's request not to accept women would expose you to a discrimination claim in exactly the same way it would a landlord rejecting a tenant applicant because of her gender. Actually, I just noticed something.  We each have signed separate copies of the lease agreement, but at the top of each of our 4 lease agreements is all four of our names, and throughout my lease I have initials on each page. &gt;We're all on separate leases for the house.

This is key- your roommates don't get final approval of who subleases your space. As long as the landlord approves them (if that's a requirement of your lease), then you're good to go.

&amp;#x200B;