A couple days ago, I was feeling pretty bummed. I decided to get drunk in my car in a parking lot near my work and just listen to some music. They called the police concerned I was suicidal. While I was extremely depressed and while I had had suicidal thoughts before that wasn't the case. When the police found me they found me with cuts on my legs (self inflicted) and asked me about my mental health. I told them honestly that I'd been extremely depressed and that I've considered suicide several times before. From there on out they went on to charge me for a DUI even though I hadn't been driving nor had I had the car on for nearly an hour. The keys were in the ignition only so that my music could play and not only was I arrested, but my safely parked car was towed and impounded. After being arrested they put me in holding for what seemed like hours, I was stripped naked, put in an apron and told that I wouldn't be able to leave without a mental assessment. I was arrested around 2pm, didn't make it into a cell(solitary) until about 7pm and all the while I never once saw anyone regarding my mental health. I stayed awake, silent, even more depressed than I was before, about every 15 minutes an officer would check on me through the glass and still no one ever came to address my mental health. At 5am I finally decided to lay down and pretend to sleep, "woke up" at 7 and finally spoke to someone about my mental health around 8am. Never at any point did the health professional ask me what was going on or why I was so depressed, it felt like 20 questions and they never simply asked me about what was going on. Ultimately there was no resolve, they came in asked me questions about me being suicidal recently and left me with, (paraphrased) "well you're not suicidal now, so you're fine" they then sent me to trial for bond treating me like a maximum security inmate, I was cuffed, chained and shackled, forced to sit alone in my own corner of the room and eventually got my PR Bond and was told I'd be released later that day. I went back to my cell, the mental health professional threw a packet of resources (for suicide) my way and made some light conversation with me. Shortly after, I was released.

So ultimately, someone reported me for concern of suicide, police arrived and turned it into an arrest of a crime I didn't commit and had no intention of commiting, treated me like a criminal (understandable I get it) and gave me the most minimal "treatment" I've ever received. I left feeling no better than I did before. So my question is, what in the hell can I do...

It should be noted I live in Colorado, Denver area You are guilty of DUI based on the facts given.  You need an attorney.

The police are not mental health professionals and cannot force you into treatment unless you are a danger to yourself or others.  You denied that you were, so they treated you like every other person they arrested for DUI that night.  This helps me understand more, I appreciate the info Thank you Thank you, thats what I thought &gt;  an arrest of a crime I didn't commit

If you were drunk, behind the wheel of a vehicle, and the keys were in the ignition, then the DUI was likely valid.

So to answer your question of what you can do, get a lawyer to represent you for the DUI case.  Also, there are resources out there to help your mental well-being.  I hope you seek them out. Under the Colorado DUI and criminal code, as well as caselaw, a person “drove” if he or she was in actual physical control of a motor vehicle. Courts hold that “actual physical control” is present when a person exercises bodily influence or direction over a motor vehicle; which is to be decided by a totality of the circumstances.

Factors that courts consider in whether or not a person was in actual physical control of a vehicle, include where the vehicle is found; where in the vehicle the person was found; whether or not the keys were in the ignition; whether or not the vehicle was running; and any other factor which indicates that the person exercised bodily influence or direction over a motor vehicle. No one factor definitively decides whether or not a person was in actual physical control of a motor vehicle to be convicted of DUI or DWAI. &gt; So my question is, what in the hell can I do... 

You need to get a criminal defense attorney.  And, you should seek therapy for your depression, and thoughts of suicide.  

If you have any further serious thoughts or intentions of harming yourself, please call the suicide hotline:  Call 1-800-273-8255 