So my partner (we will call them Kest) had to write a letter to two students in sixth grade as an exercise in their high school French class. In the letter, this is part of what they wrote (translated, I will put the original text at the bottom):

“There is a lot of activities in the school. For example, art, drama, sports, music, and engineering. There is also an LGBTQ+ club that I founded. It is a small group and we meet biweekly to talk about different projects. LGBTQ+ stands for lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender, and queer or questioning. I know that it is a rather taboo subject, but anyways, if you are questioning or whatever, you can just come and say hello or inform yourself.”

The teachers edited this out of the letter and sent it without telling Kest. They were only told after the fact. It was discussed between some teachers while they were correcting the letters and deemed to be inappropriate.

The students were told to explain the activities of the school, and being the founder of the LGBT+ club, of course Kest wanted to talk about it. If they were to have explained a sports club and encouraged students interested in athletics to join I’m sure it would not have been a problem.

What action can I take here?

A side note: The school has shown that it does not care for the LGBT+ club in the past: last year Kest’s LGBT+ club participated in a gala for entrepreneurs. They won the first round (local) and were supposed to advance to regionals. The teachers in charge consistently denied that they won, and told Kest that the list changed despite their club still being listed as winners. After regionals passed, the teachers continued to deny the win, but also said they would not have been able to make the trip.

Original Text:
“Il y a beaucoup d’activite dans l’ecole: Art, art drame, sport, musique, science ATS. (ATS c’est des sciences physique ou tu passe la plupart de tes cours a construire des choses.) Il y a aussi un club LGBTQ+ que j’ai moi meme crée! C’est un petit groupe et ont se rencontre une fois par 1 ou 2 semaine et ont ce parle et on a plein de projet. LGBTQ+ c’est pour lesbienne, gay, bisexuelle, transgenre, questionnement/queer. Je sais que c’est des sujet plutot tabou et tout le blabla mais bon, si tu te questionne ou peut importe tu peut juste venir faire un tour dire coucou et t’informer.” Fixing grammar does not change the answers you have been given. They could complain to the administration. Edited! &gt; What action can I take here?

*You* can't take any action here. This isn't your problem. 