I moved into an apartment, in Michigan, with a years lease starting back in June. When I moved in it was extremely hot out and the first night I noticed that in the middle of the night the bedroom, with the door closed, was well over 90 degrees F, yet the living room was 68 degrees which is what the thermostat was set to.

I ended up sleeping on the couch the next few nights because maintenance deemed it not a emergency as I had some AC in the main part of the living room. They ended up closing some vents "in hopes" that air flow would increase in the bedroom, but I would have to keep the bedroom door open. Which was fine, just my fiance, dog, and I in the apartment. 

Well now in winter, I have noticed the bathroom and closet, which I close the door so the dog doesn't get in during the day, have a similar issue but are now freezing. The bedroom also gets down to shivering temps when the door is closed, which with some family staying over the holidays I want to be able to close the door.

Today the "solution" from the apartment complex is for them to shave off 3/4 an inch off the doors to help better airflow.

My question is when this "solution" doesn't fix the problem which they say is an issue with the design of the buildings, what are my options? Is my landlord potentially breaking the lease when some rooms are uninhabitable when using them in a normal way? Get your city or local fire department to do an inspection.  I have a feeling that the heat issue alone won't add up to much, if you can maintain a habitable temperature by keeping your door open.  You can always get a space heater if you really want to close your door all the way and need the heat.  However, I wonder if there is some kind of fire hazard in your apartment.  If air isn't flowing through the vents, I wonder what's blocking it.  
 &gt;Is my landlord potentially breaking the lease when some rooms are uninhabitable when using them in a normal way?

Potentially, yes.  

If their fix doesn't solve the problem your remedy would be to notify them in writing that the problem continues to exist and ask that they address it.  Should they fail to do so you might discuss with them an amicable release from the lease agreement, or hold them in breach of the lease and seek to end the agreement.  The former is obviously preferable to the latter if possible.