Hey lovely redditors. So roommates and I split the cost of a couch and TV when we first moved in last December. They said I can have the TV if I pay them back their share. I told them I’m leaving the couch behind that we split which is worth MORE per share than the TV was. They flat out said “We don’t want the couch. We are not going to sell the couch. No one wants this couch or any of the stuff we split from IKEA. We want the TV or money for it.” 

Fine. Whatever. I just want out. So I said I’ll reimburse you two and take the TV and the couch then since they don’t realize you can flip a luxury couch in great condition. They agreed. All good, works in my favour. But today they tell me I can only take the TV (that I’m paying them back for) IF I leave them the couch till the END of December when THEY are moving out. Because they “won’t have anywhere to sit.” Otherwise I get nothing regardless of reimbursing them. 

I’m moving out THIS weekend. So I’m just wondering if I move out and .... just take the couch/tv this weekend ignoring their “take it at the end of the month” argument are they able to claim theft even though I paid for those items too? (I actually still have the receipt for the TV since it was on my credit card). I’m not sure how theft laws between roommates work at all (I live in Ontario, Canada) or if they can take me to small claims court over this couch. Doubt they will but you never know. Then you should be good, if they try and pull a fast one, small claim&gt;text messages&gt;slam dunk. Yup. I screengrabbed our convo today. And I’ve kept records of when we split items and the cost of each at the start of the year plus receipts. 

I just want to take the stuff they said I could and not wait around a month, haha. Thanks for the advice :)  Ahh, cool. Thanks for the info! 

Like I don’t care about paying them the TV cost. I’ll eat that cost. I just want to take the stuff when I move out tomorrow/this weekend and not wait a month.  Any records(text messages,emails) of them saying you get the couch and TV after reimbursing them? Make sure to save everything, even if there wasn't a written contract there was a verbal agreement between you and it seems like they are trying to pull a fast one on you. 

Edit: Clearer Sentence They can claim theft, but its unlikely the police will want to get involved since you co-own it. This is more of a civil matter (debt) and would be resolved in small claims court if you can't come to an agreement. 