 There are 2 parts to this: 1. I received two parking tickets, which don't seem reasonable. (1/28/19) 2. My car was towed several days later and impounded as abandoned property. (1/30/19) Regarding 1, I live in an apartment complex and the lots often fill up (no assigned spaces), so I usually park on the street, which is perfectly legal as long as you park within the signs. My girlfriend left town and was under the assumption that it was fine. When I get home on (1/28) at 4:57 PM. I park my car in my usual spot. At 8:55 PM, I get a ticket for "C/I: parking/snow emergency fine: $125." My girlfriends car gets the same. I live in Oak Park, MI and apparently there is a local ordinance that during a snow emergency, you can't park on the street. I had never heard of this snow emergency thing before in my life and there are no posted signs or warnings that I could not park there. I understand that it's a local ordinance and it should be followed, but I feel like they should have at least let the residents know ahead of time, or simply asked them to move the car. Is it worth going to court to argue for these two tickets at $125 each and how should I go about arguing against it? Regarding 2, I saw the tickets, thought "well, fuck," to myself, and carried on (the ticket said nothing about moving the car). I currently have my license revoked, so I could not move either car if I wanted to. I had my brother move my girlfriend's car the next day. With my car being on an interlock, the court states that I'm the only one allowed to drive it and I'm still waiting for my license in the mail. I asked my PO if my mom could move it, she approved. I spent probably 20 minutes pushing in multiple directions and couldn't get it over the snow bank. She still managed to move the car backwards multiple car lengths, so it was clearly moved. I figured it's no big deal since it's legally parked and the snow emergency is over, so I called it quits and went to work. When I got home from work, my car was gone. I called police to check that it was towed, they stated it was towed as "abandoned property since it hadn't been moved in 48 hours." I tried telling the woman on dispatch that it had been moved in the morning and was in the shop all day monday, so if it was towed at \~10:30-11 in the morning, then it was clearly towed before 48 hours. I also mentioned the fact that I tried to move it that morning and successfully moved it (maybe 15-20 feet). The cop remarked that he didn't want to tow it because it was legally parked and he knew that I lived there (my window points to the street where I was parked), but ultimately did it because of the complaints and his inability to contact me at my address (because I was at work). Is there anything I can do about either of these situations? I'm okay with the tickets for the snow emergency, even though it does seem unfair. I am not okay with having to pay $20 release + $275 towing bill and miss a morning of work to get my car back after it was illegally towed. I tried talking to the officer, he was a nice guy but seemed new. He offered to let me file a complaint or speak with his boss. I declined since I wanted to see how much the towing bill was first. TLDR: Got two tickets for parking on the street on monday during a snow emergency (legally parked, 2 cars). Got one car towed Wednesday morning. The cop told me that he marked it on sunday as abandoned (the notice must have fell off), it was in the shop all day monday, I moved it maybe 20feet wednesday, then it was towed wednesday morning.  Even if it was illegally towed, which I doubt, you still have a responsibility to mitigate your damages... Go get the car or it will get more expensive.