Hello all,

I'm currently looking for resources that could help me determine how to protect myself and my property from surrounding development. Some background on why: In the last year the inner city area I am living in has experienced a surge in development. Most of this is okay and consists of rehabbing old homes and a few new single family builds. All of which have been within a reasonable price range for the neighborhood.

Recently though, the street I live on has been targeted by developers for some seriously high priced and dense development. There are 14 condos going in right next to my house and probably about 2 dozen other condos and apartments within about a 2 block radius being built at the same time. This, as can be imagined, has led to a number of impacts to my property and general quality of life. Unfortunately, the city officials and local police have expressed no interest in holding the developers or their construction crews accountable for property damage, excessive littering, trespassing and even harassment. In fact, the city council granted the properties 15 year 100% tax abatement and it's well known the council is packed with other developers and their friends. We don't even have a ward system in the city and therefore there is really no representative in city government for this neighborhood. This new development going in is priced well above the neighborhood average and is much fancier than my 100 year old home. 

So my concern is that we are going to, somehow, be targeted by these developers to try and take our property either by impacting it to the point we can no longer live here, or by convincing the city government to seize our property through some back door means. This fear is compounded by the fact that our property value, as gauged by realtors, is worth 4 or 5 times what I paid for it and how the county is currently valuing it. 

So my question is, does anyone have any decent advice, or a link to some resources, on how to proactively protect myself and my home from being run out by what amounts to a land grab by some shady developers and their friends in city government?

A little more info if it helps: we are in Ohio and the multiple developments are all being done by the same folks and each new build is listed under a different LLC. We assume that last part is because they do not want to obtain a construction general permit or follow the environmental regs necessary when a half acre or more of land is disturbed. 

Thanks