A quick summary:  My daughter rear ended another driver that pulled out from a parking lot in front of her.  She had her hand on the horn when the airbag blew and it broke her wrist requiring surgery (plate).  Medical bills are now over $60k!  The other driver was at fault according to the police report but State Farm (other driver's insurance) is only claiming 75% fault because a witness said my daughter was driving fast.  That's a different topic.

A friend just used an attorney for something similar but with much less money involved.  My daughter talked to the attorney and signed a contract (bah).  Their fee is 1/3 of the settlement and I think they're going for the full $100k policy.  If that's the way it goes, the attorney's will get $33k and the medical companies will get $65k or so.  This doesn't include anything for her wrecked car, lost wages, pain and suffering, because they're just going for a set amount, so my daughter will end up paying money out of her pocket and everyone else gets a lot of money.  Nice.

Is there anyway to negotiate the medical bills lower?  Or get something lower so she at least doesn't have to pay out anything?

I'm meeting with the attorney in about two hours so I'll have more concrete info then. Thanks for the responses.  The meeting went well and they basically said the same things you guys said.  They specialize in accidents and seem to really know the process and the different paths that it can take.  I left feeling like they were going to take care of her.  I asked them directly, "Is there any chance that she will have to pay anything out of pocket when this is all over?" and they responded with absolutely not, then gave a dollar range that they expect her to end up with.  As crazy as it sounds, it all seemed reasonable.  Ha! Absolutely they are. I broke my ankle and talked down the hospital from 18K down to 12K under their terms (paid off within a year), and then down to 8K if I paid immediately.  &gt;I'm meeting with the attorney in about two hours

That's a conversation to have with the attorney. 

Though generally, yes.  Medical providers sometimes take some portion of their charges as settlement in full when there are limited funds from which they may be paid. 

Your daughter's own insurance policy may also afford coverage under the uninsured/underinsured motorist provisions and your daughter's health insurance may provide coverage as well.  Your daughter's attorney should exhaust all possible avenues of payment.  