Is it illegal to file for a TOR using false claims?  

It’s a long story but, essentially my ex (and frequent abuser) assaulted me in July &amp; broke my nose (the neighbors called).  We somewhat reconciled and were allowed contact, but he’s still barred from “harassing or abusing” me.  In October his parents contractor refused to continue work on their new house which was torn apart, and he begged me to help him finish the renovation.   Things were going marginally well but we had a few incidents in which he broke my things, barred me from leaving or went into scary &amp; sometimes violent rages, these incidents began to increase and his parents witnessed a few of them.  They would always take his side, of course, and after calming him down would say things like “well, just make sure not to annoy him or nag him”.  I never reported any of those because I kind of bought into their idea that I’d be ruining his life, and I loved him.  It’s messed up, I know.

I should mention as a whole they’re very verbally and emotionally abusive to each other &amp; I don’t like yelling so oftentimes I’d leave if any of that was going on.  On Thanksgiving he because extremely agitated with his mom &amp; they got into a fight (she’s the worst verbally among them) and then took it out on me in the car, driving way too fast on roads with a cliff drop-off and saying he’d kill us both.  

I had enough &amp; when we got back to his parents I went to get my things upstairs and leave for good, he blocked me in with her and they were both screaming so I called 911.  During the 911 call she started screaming “let them know you stole my vacuum cleaners!” even though what happened is the day before we were vacuuming the spare room, a belt broke &amp; Sam brought the second one in to finish.  That was my first indication that she might act unhinged to me.

During the wait she warned me “if you ruin my sons life I’ll ruin yours”.  The police arrived and he was arrested, and I left with my belongings.  The next two days I stayed at a friends, couldn’t eat &amp; basically stayed in bed crying because I couldn’t process what happened really.  I had no intention of seeing or being around those awful people ever again &amp; didn’t attempt to contact them.  

I found out at his first court date that when she bailed him out she’d filed a restraining order against me saying I yelled all the time at them (untrue) and that I’d make unauthorized charges  to her credit card.  One was a vet billing mixup because we took her dog in for an emergency once &amp; they later billed “the card on file” for my exes dog (my dog has his own vet).  My ex was in the process of getting the billing corrected but somehow it ended up in the reasoning for the temp order.  The other charges were like $25 in iTunes charges via my exes PayPal account, I don’t know anything about them or have his PayPal info.  

She also named herself, her husband, my ex (who is 30) and her adult daughter who lives 2 hours away who I’ve not seen or spoken to in 2 years under “protected persons”.  At my exes first court date (which as the victim I have a right to attend) she went up to an officer to tell them she had a restraining order and thought that would mean I couldn’t attend court or testify against him or something.  They told her she was wrong.

The court date on making the order permanent, which would go on my record, is next week.  In the meantime she contacted the local police to tell them I’d tried to order 2 iPhones on their family Verizon plan while my ex was in jail overnight (I have a fully paid for phone on T-Mobile &amp; would never want a phone on their plan).  They apparently showed up with printouts of the order attempt, but I *never* did that and my exes Verizon (I’m assuming theirs too) has 2 factor authentication so I don’t even know how they’re claiming I could even access the account.  The police declined to even investigate but I’m thinking of calling them to ask that they thoroughly do so, just to get an IP address or something proving they made the order themselves in order to harass/try to get me arrested.  

I’m scared, I don’t have money for a lawyer &amp; his whole family is closing ranks &amp; lying (from what the officers say he didn’t make the claims or participate but his parents &amp; sister went to the station to make these claims).  I don’t want anything to do with these people but I don’t want anything on my record validating their lies.  What should I be doing to prepare for this hearing?   [removed] [removed] [removed] [UPDATE] MIL’s Retaliatory RO - I won! https://reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/aafcqt/update_mils_retaliatory_ro_i_won/

Thank you so so much for the detailed response, based on what you told me I was able to successfully defend myself &amp; no one but his parents showed up, so I didn’t have to cross-examine my ex.  That’s what I was most worried about, that emotionally I’d be a wreck having to see &amp; engage with him for the first time in such a formal setting and that I’d mess that up. I live in WA state. We have what they call the Crisis Support Center here that is for women in ur situation who's bf's are abusive piece's of shit. I know they've helped people around here in similar situations. They are already involved with the courts, and sometimes they even are willing to bring attorneys in for u. But they always have advocates available that will go to court with u, and help u deal with any bullshit ur bf and his family try. I live in a really small town, so I can't imagine there wouldn't be something similar where u live (hopefully). Good luck. I really hope everything works out for u.  I don’t, but I will call and request it tomorrow &amp; ask the self service clerk.  Thank you, sometimes just having the correct verbiage is helpful in getting the right information.  Do you have any court documents like a "case management order" that would have been given to you by the court? This document should set forth how far in advance both parties must give the court and the other party notice of the evidence and witnesses they plan to present at the hearing.  Based on my understanding parties can have protection orders in effect against each other. You can certainly let the judge know that you feel that the restraining order against you is retaliatory and harassing behavior. The most appropriate time to do that would be at the end of the proceeding when the judge asks if you want to make a closing argument, although because you are representing yourself the judge would likely allow you to say something to that effect during your testimony.  Great.  One last question, do you know where I would find resources to see if it’s even legal/valid for my ex to be listed in the “protected parties” section of the TRO?  He’s the person who is the restrained party for a criminal restraining order in which I’m been the protected party, put in place in July &amp; again removing prior contact modifications days before his release.  

I feel like attempting to get a restraining order against me after his arrest despite no contact between us &amp; my fleeing 2.5hrs away is retaliatory &amp; harassing behavior, he’s just using the system as a weapon.

No worries if I’m asking too much, I appreciated the info in your first answer &amp; don’t have any expectations of further help or anything.  Just thought I’d give it a shot! Thank you!  I successfully submitted a motion to continue&amp; the judge extended the date so I can try to line something up.   Thanks so so much for the detailed answer, I’ve been so mired in my victim impact statement and finding stability I am only now getting back to addressing this, my apologies.

It’s very unlikely with the cost of living here that I’ll be able to fully set up in a new place &amp; afford a lawyer so thank you for the link.  This week I filed a motion to continue &amp; it was granted, so I bought myself more time &amp; think I can handle subpoenaing witnesses &amp; such.  Some of the claims she made I’m able to definitively disprove so I’m hoping her credibility on the claim that I yelled at her is put in question by my vet &amp; the computer records disproving her other claims.

I’m nervous about my ex because I don’t know if he’ll lie because he’s angry about being charged for his abusive behavior &amp; assault.  I’m not sure how the judge will see it, she’s the same judge on his criminal cases that stem from incidents this summer that are ongoing.  His sister I’m less worried about as I haven’t seen or been in any type of communication with her in 2 years, and I believe she can’t be presented as a witness because it would all be hearsay.

One question I was hoping you might be able to answer - are they able to call witnesses or present additional accusations not included in the original filing &amp; do I have any right to know ahead of time who they plan to call up, or what outside of the accusations in the TRO would be, so I can be prepared?   So this is obviously a tough and very stressful situation and I am sorry that you are going through it. The permanent orders hearing is a full evidentiary hearing meaning that both you and the other side can call witnesses and present evidence. Since the opposing party here is seeking to make the protection order permanent they are going to be trying to convince the judge that they need to the protection order to prevent you from harassing them. You will be trying to disprove those allegations through your own testimony and that of your witnesses, as well as by cross-examining the opposing party's witnesses. If the people on the opposing side are going to be lying about what has happened, it may be very difficult for you to disprove them. 

&amp;#x200B;

Ideally you would have witnesses and evidence to present that would disprove your exes family, and would be able to do so through cross-examination, but without being trained in cross-examination and courtroom procedure this will be difficult. You will likely have to sit there while they are telling lies on the witness stand which will be frustrating, but do not say anything while they are testifying. If you choose to cross-examine them, you may politely disrupt them while they are testifying if they are not answering the specific question you are asking. If you choose to cross-examine them, you need to remember that you are not testifying at that time, but you are instead asking them questions. Attorneys use cross-examination to ask leading yes or no questions that essentially allow them to tell their own story through the witness, but this skill takes a lot of training and experience to master. 

&amp;#x200B;

My suggestion to you if you decide to go through this without an attorney is to probably not cross-examine the opposing witnesses except for very specific questions you believe will help you or they will not be able to answer. Be prepared to testify on your own behalf. Keep documentation of any communication you have had with your ex and his family. You should have already submitted evidence to the court and the opposing party, but the judge or magistrate will likely give you some slack because you are not represented. Your best bet if your exes family is really out to get you would be to request a continuance so that you can get an attorney, I know they can be expensive but you could at least seek a consultation. You really don't want to a have a permanent protection order against you. You could also consider filing for protection orders against them. 

&amp;#x200B;

This is a bit old, but still has useful information, [https://www.courts.state.co.us/userfiles/file/Self\_Help/FAQ's/Protection%20orders%20FAQs%20%20.pdf](https://www.courts.state.co.us/userfiles/file/Self_Help/FAQ's/Protection%20orders%20FAQs%20%20.pdf)

&amp;#x200B;

Best of luck.  I understand you saying you can’t afford a lawyer, but having an (although possible false) RO against your name can have major long term consequences for you, such as impacting employment, housing etc. 


At the very least, contact the CO Bar Association for low cost referrals to some attorneys who have experience in defending ROs, and get advice from them. They may be able to assist you well enough to prepare your response, and walk you through the process, or agree to a payment plan. 


Best of luck. 


ETA: [Colorado Legal Services](https://www.coloradolegalservices.org/node/1/about-us) provides free or low cost legal services to people eligible for help. They have several offices. 