 

## Can I sue Missouri Municipal Court??????

Please forgive any spelling or grammatical errors.

 I got pulled over for “not yielding to a stop sign”. I KNOW I made a complete stop, so I went to court asking for the video footage. I got a lawyer. The judge in question I suppose got upset one day? And threw out a whole bunch of cases (not sure of the actual term or name for that process) one of which was mine, which my lawyer explained that the judge CAN’T do that. My lawyer told me the judge was breaking the law, so my case was picked up by another judge.

Now, the cop completely butchered my name to the point we(my lawyer and i) had trouble finding the tickets I was being charged with for months. They had the wrong birth date for me in my file, even after I called at least 3+ times to change it to the accurate information, they kept sending out letters and such to some other random address. You’d think with an inaccurate name, address and birth date that would be enough to get out the ticket, no.  I paid an extra $200 to get access to it. The judge turned down my request.

I decided to just pay off these tickets. So what I did was I got two money orders for both of my tickets. Send them in the mail, now it’s a waiting game. I have the receipt for the money orders. I even called and made sure this would be acceptable, considering I can't say exactly when the letters will arrive. I was reassured that if the date on the money order is before the court date, I would be fine. I have recorded all phone conversations with everyone I have spoken to involved.They told me they put out two warrants for my arrest due to nonpayment.So I contact moneygram, guess what? They have cashed and used BOTH money orders, and I have proof.

I keep calling and attempting to reach their financial and billing department, but I truly believe they know they did some sketchy stuff and will hang up on me. They tell me the only way I can fix this is come into court with my proof. But I’m not stupid and my paranoia is out of this world. Legally and technically they can lock me up on the spot, the second I walk in, even if I have proof, and then they will take their sweet time processing it, which can be weeks? In jail? So now what do I do? I have contacted moneygram and they will send me a photocopy of proof for both so I can give to MO municipal court. But that can take up to 90 days, I’ve been waiting 3 weeks now. 

So my question is can I sue? What CAN I do? And once I receive proof should i go in person to give it to MO Municipal court, or is it a trap? Should I just fax it? [deleted] You can't sue the court.  You should be able to walk in with proof of payment and get this all cleared up.  They won't lock you up for weeks because you missed a court date.