Hello there, a couple days ago my young sister in law (husband's sister), told me about a situation she encountered back in may. I am going to try to explain the situation as much as I recall it and then ask a couple questions because I am not too sure what really happened on a legal point of view.

&amp;#x200B;

A few months ago (in may) my sister in law had a membership in a fancy gym, a local health club owned by the hospital group in the area. The memberships are more expensive than regular "chain" gyms and includes daycare for kids and also pretty nice amenities. She started taking premium classes involving Pilates and was going regularly. However one day, she felt an urge and stole a piece of equipment from the teacher's pilate class (some sort of pillow not too sure what It was, retail cost about 150 dollars) while she was out of the room in between two classes, and took off without attending the class, left by a back door to the parking lot and her car and went home. If you ask me I thought what she did was reckless, and it would not be too hard to figure out that one of these pillows was missing and who could have taken it, especially that the teacher saw her entering the room right before she left to take a quick bathroom break.

&amp;#x200B;

A couple hours later, police car pulls in front her house, while she was outside picking up the mail, and a youngish female officer got out and just said her name, that she was here due to a report involving the theft of a "medical equipment", that they had her on camera. She panicked and admitted to the theft right away, saying she was sorry she meant to bring it back tomorrow, she just wanted to borrow it and feels stupid for not asking the teacher's permission. She goes in picks up the pillow, gives it to officer who said that it would be up to the teacher to press charges or not, but it seems that at this point all she wants is to have the equipment back. My sister in law keeps saying how sorry she is, officer is pretty nice and understanding saying that she appreciates that she cooperates and that she does seem like a good person. For information my sister in law has been on meds for quite a few years for various psychological issues, including a tendency to steal (however she had never been caught til that day) and that day she was off her meds due to being in the middle of an insurance change. 

&amp;#x200B;

She has since then never heard back from police, nothing from DA in mail, she s been looking up possible court cases involving her on county courthouse website, nothing. She is too afraid to call the police station (a nearby town, not the one she lives) to ask, and of course she never went back to the gym and cancelled her membership the month after the incident. However she has been in constant stress about the possibility of getting arrested, even though it seems unlikely over 6 months later.

&amp;#x200B;

My questions are:

Do you think the police officer was telling the truth when saying she was caught on camera? Like I said above it was going to be obvious to teacher about the stolen item and who could have been the culprit (the one who disappeared out of the blue without attending class), the gym had her address on file through membership and teacher knew her name so it was easy to find her location, but I find that doubtful that there are any cameras recording in a gym (I asked my sister in law she cannot recall whether there are cameras in the facility or not). 

Was it really up to the teacher to press charges or not? once police involved they can arrest and press charges and she admitted guilt immediately so it seems odd that if they really had proof of her stealing, she was not arrested and the officer would have come only out of the teacher's guess. 

Was she in a sort of non custodial interrogation where she admitted guilt and could have instead invoked the 5th? 

&amp;#x200B;

I hope someone can help clarify this situation, I told her to contact a lawyer and he could investigate whatever happened to the whole ordeal, but wanted to check if anyone had a clue about the whole thing. I see, thanks for your reply ! Police can make an arrest when they have probable cause to believe that the person committed a crime.  What constitutes probable cause can vary in different situations.  Hard evidence that would hold up in court is not necessary to make an arrest. Like I said in this case she was the culprit no question about it, my follow up question was more let's say in a fictional situation of someone who had not stolen the item (circumstantial doesn't  matter in court) without proof, could have been arrested out of an accusation no matter how sure the victim was. Just saying it seems like it is a slippery slope when talking about potentially getting an innocent person arrested.  If there was zero evidence, it is highly unlikely she would have been arrested.

Though clearly, in reality, there was a non-zero amount of evidence, which included potential video of her committing a crime, and, even in the absence of that, the instructor's suspicion that she stole the items, backed up by circumstantial evidence (her not showing up to class that day, her being allegedly one of the only people who had the opportunity to steal the item, etc.) -- not to mention the fact that *she really, truly, did steal the items.* Right, it seems that cooperating (mostly out of panick) seems to have worked for her. But could have she been arrested if there was no evidence of her being the theft (assuming the officer lied about the cameras) The hard truth is that she opened her mouth and starting admitting to things by her own accord and volition.  She could have elected to say, "I'm not speaking with you, officer," and then the officer could have made the decision to either arrest her or leave.

It is not improper for a police officer to attempt talk to the various involved parties when things like this happen; in fact, it's kind of expected. From what she says the officer did not even ask of you could answer questions, she said “im here for the stolen item and we have you on camera”, feels like a great tactic to get someone to admit I just find that crazy that the police can potentially lie to get a confession, that they do not mention possible proof they have but straight say they have a video recording if they don't feels like it could get someone to admit guilt without proper defense, in the case of my sis in law it was an unfortunate accident where she was off meds, she had been pretty good for quite some time before Oh ok thanks then I ll tell her to not do it then oops. 

Yes it is true that it is not up to the victim to prove their case, something as big as the example you mentioned is a good reason why. I never thought about it that way &gt;I told her to write an email or something to her to apologize, now that time has passed and it feels like nothing will happen

This is a bad idea.  The statute of limitations has not expired.  This email could be used as evidence against her.  It might inspire the teacher to pursue something that has been forgotten.

&gt; However this seems scary that anyone can name any person in suspicion of theft or anything and have the police show up at their door. 

In my opinion, it would be even more scary if the only crimes that would be investigated by the police would be those proven by the victims.  Imagine your neighbor broke into your house and beat you up.  But, you couldn't call the police, because you had no proof it was them.

But, understanding your point, that's why we always tell people not to answer questions to the police without an attorney.  You simply have no way to know what crime they are investigating, or what evidence they have.

&amp;#x200B; Thanks for your reply, I guess she can thank the teacher being a kind person, I told her to write an email or something to her to apologize, now that time has passed and it feels like nothing will happen.

However this seems scary that anyone can name any person in suspicion of theft or anything and have the police show up at their door,  t anyone could get accused of anything out of one's guess, feels like back to the Mc Carthy area where anyone could accuse their neighbors of being a "commie" lol 

In this case my sis in law was totally guilty, but if all of this happened without camera recording (the room was right by a back door to a side parking lot, very quick exit and small area compared to the rest of facility) this is how it sounds to me. Not trying to be the devil advocate here, but seems like at 26 or so year old, having been stealing a lot in her life (mostly from retail stores) without ever being caught, she is the kinda person who would not have stupidly done such a thing knowing she would have been caught by cameras, I did not ask her for details but so many years without being caught she must know quite a lot in the theft area... I stole one thing in my life when I was like 9, got caught right away, never did it again lol &gt;Would the police come to her house without any substantial proof of her being the theft other than the teacher's (accurate) guess?

That's their job, to investigate crimes, and gather proof.  You don't need to bring proof to the police for them to investigate.

&gt; When a DA has a case they usually go through it and the fact that nothing has happened feels like they did not really have her on camera. 

The case wouldn't have gotten to the DA.  My guess is that the video exists.  With all the potential liability claims in a gym, it's a great idea to have video.  That's how they identified it was her.  But, the police recovered the property.  The victim wasn't interested in having her arrested So, even though there was enough probable cause to make an arrest (even without the video), the police did not arrest her. This is where she feels like she messed up, if the officer was lying about having her caught on camera, she incriminated herself. Would the police come to her house without any substantial proof of her being the theft other than the teacher's (accurate) guess?

When a DA has a case they usually go through it and the fact that nothing has happened feels like they did not really have her on camera, especially if it did not matter what the teacher wanted or not. Did the fact that she said she was intended to just "borrow' it and return it next day helped?  &gt; Do you think the police officer was telling the truth when saying she was caught on camera? 

No idea.  And mostly irrelevant, since she admitted to the crime.  The police are allowed to lie to get a confession.

&gt; Was it really up to the teacher to press charges or not?  

Not really.  The teacher could have refused to cooperate with the investigation, though, making it more difficult to get a conviction, and the police would care less.

&gt; Was she in a sort of non custodial interrogation where she admitted guilt and could have instead invoked the 5th? 

A person can always refuse to answer questions to the police. &gt;Do you think the police officer was telling the truth when saying she was caught on camera?

No idea.  My gym has cameras, just not in off-limits areas (locker rooms, etc.).

&gt;Was it really up to the teacher to press charges or not?

It's up to the police/DA as to whether or not to file criminal charges, but if the teacher declined to participate in any criminal proceedings, or expressed their want of not pressing charges and the police agreed, "it's up to the teacher," may just be a shorthand way of saying that.

&gt;Was she in a sort of non custodial interrogation where she admitted guilt and could have instead invoked the 5th?

You generally plead the 5th in court, not when you're simply informally talking to an officer.  To not incriminate yourself when talking to the police when you're not in custody, you simply say, "I respectfully decline to answer any questions," or whatever similar thing.