 Last year, me and my husband divorced because I chose to have a second relationship behind his back. We divorced, he got the kids (thank god) and the judge said he doesnt have to pay alimony or child support. The problem is that I could really use it, and even though I dont have the kids I still think I deserve CS. Is there a way I can convince the judge to make him pay me my money, or at least sue my ex for sexism and discrimination? I'm in California so I know the courts are on my side I just dont know the process. You really want to troll on a subreddit that's actually doing good and attempting to help people? You want to take time and attention away from people dealing with serious issues for a few yucks? There's something wrong with you.  If this is is not a troll post, the answer is almost certainly no to both questions. And courts aren't "on your side" or his, they are on the side of the kids. (As to child support.) If he has custody, traditionally you'd owe him child support. He hasn't asked for that? And as for alimony, the courts take a lot into consideration, but it's no where near as common as it used to be. “factors.” They may include, but are not limited to: (1) Each party’s ability to maintain the “marital lifestyle” once divorced, based on your respective current incomes; (2) If the party requesting support contributed to the other party attaining a college degree, professional license, or some other career or position of high earnings; (3) The ability for the supporting party to pay alimony, taking into account how much they earn and their cost of living; (4) Each party’s needs, based on the lifestyle lived during the marriage; (5) The debts and assets each of you received in the settlement, as well as any separate property you or your spouse may own; (6) How long you were married; (7) The ability of the party requesting support to earn a living, without it impacting their role as the primary caregiver of the couples’ children, should they have any; (8) The ages of the parties as well as the condition of their health; (9) If there was documented domestic violence during the marriage; (10) The impact on each party’s taxes; (11) If either party has any known hardships; (12) The ability of the supported party to become self-sufficient within a reasonable period of time. (13) The conviction of a spouse in cases of domestic violence; and (14) Any other factors the courts deem relevant. Troll harder Fuck off  I’m going to assume this isn’t a troll post. You will likely need to hire a lawyer to carefully evaulaute your situation.  Last year, me and my husband divorced because I chose to have a second relationship behind his back. We divorced, he got the kids (thank god) and the judge said he doesnt have to pay alimony or child support. The problem is that I could really use it, and even though I dont have the kids I still think I deserve CS. Is there a way I can convince the judge to make him pay me my money, or at least sue my ex for sexism and discrimination? I'm in California so I know the courts are on my side I just dont know the process. You should be paying him child support if you are the non-custodial parent. No you can't sue your husband for sexism and discrimination because he left you and got the kids. Shitpost