Posting from California. As the title mentioned, I believe I'm being stalked by possibly someone I know. The same SUV has been parking across the street with a straight view of my house/room window for about 2 weeks now. All my confrontation attempts failed because of their tinted windows and that they drive off whenever I make an appearance. Local PD didn't help much because it's a public parking spot and I have no further info on the stalker's actions besides that the situation looks like a neighbor found a new regular parking spot.. I definitely see a silhouette and just recently was able to obtain a license plate number of the SUV last time they drove away from me. I'd like to take matters into my own hands and get to the bottom of this stressful mystery but I don't know what I can do with this info in trying to track down their name to put a stop to this. Like I mentioned earlier I have my suspicions on who this person might be but trying to put a stop to it with confrontation doesn't do any good w/o any proof. I thought about those license plate look up websites, but it seems too good to be true in addition to reading that you pay for info that probably isn't right or is a scam. Can I trust any specific site out there or is there some other way I can expose this person? No definitely not. Money is on an ex or someone watching me for them Are you on workers comp?  Could be a private investigator filming or tailing you at the request of an insurance company. I agree you have a good point. I just wanted to try and stop the problem myself and put my mind at ease [removed] &gt;I don't fear any danger will come of this  
  
Problem solved. Move on with your life. That's my legal advice. 
 I'll keep it in mind but since nothing has happened and I don't fear any danger will come of this I don't want to make a huge legal thing out of this when I might be able to confront them and end it that way first If you felt like you were in danger, you could continue to report the car to the police. You have a license plate number, the police can look up the number. From that and the police reports, you could file for a restraining order. But again, this would be predicated on you feeling like you were in danger.  No I don't feel like I'm in any danger, just very bothered. All I can narrow it down to is an angry ex or one of their friends. Like I said nothing else has happened like egging my car or house to have the police actually have more involvement in the matter Who do you think it is? And do you think this person has a reason to hurt you? 