I am in Minnesota, it’s a long story I’m going to try to keep it short. In Minnesota you have to have insurance on a vehicle. I didn’t. Couldn’t afford it. Got a ticket I couldn’t afford. Didn’t pay it, because of course I can’t afford it, lost my license. Tried to get it back paid the reinstatement fee and insurance and SR22 required to get my license back, went to court got on a payment plan. Can’t afford the payment plan, figured it’ll be okay for a little while until I get enough together I can pay some. Apparently it wasn’t okay, got pulled over again. Ticket for driving after revoke. I can’t afford it. I need to get to work to pay these, can’t get to work without a license, they won’t give me a work permit to drive to work only. I live in a small town with no public transportation at all (I’m not even exaggerating we don’t have Uber or buses/taxis) to be able to make it to work and I can’t drive legally. I live in a different state than my family.. can’t afford a lawyer.. what can I do? Can I serve jail time to pay off these fines to have my license back and get along with my life? Or am I just screwed? Nobody can help me and I have no other way to get to work. I’m going to lose my job and be even more screwed. I am on the verge of becoming homeless because I can’t pay my fines without having a license, I can’t pay my bills without having a license. I want to die. I am stuck in this loop. There’s nothing I can do.  Above all else remember this is not worth dying over!!!

If you are serious about that, or think you may need to talk to someone, call the National Suicide Prevention Hotline at 1-800-273-8255.

Please, please, please don't try a permanent solution to this  temporary problem.  You'll get through this. Neither is the top-level response.

Look, we get it, sometimes life is hard.  Many of us have been there.  But stacking bad decision on top of bad decision is what got you were you are today. 

There is no one here who can help you beyond the advice component from the poster above.  You need to stop driving.  Sell or donate your car.  Find a job in walking distance. Even if it's something you don't know you can do or never would have considered.  Sell your stuff, give up your house, move in with your family, do *anything* you can to scratch some dollars together without driving (**and pay your court fines!**).  Your license will not be restored simply because you go to jail, because among other things you will have to demonstrate that you can get insurance - which you have not done so far.

Seriously: Get rid of the car, stop driving, and find a way to pay the piper. Call your local legal aid office, some offices have driver’s license recovery projects. Also I don’t know about your state but some jurisdictions allow for community service in lieu of a payment plan allowing you to reinstate while working on the community service. 

 It sucks, but you've put yourself in this position. I know you being destitute for money don't want to hear someone say "just fines" but that's what this is, it's just fines. When you get all that paid up, you can get your license back. Until then, you're going to have to get resourceful. Like in my state, mopeds are on a different licensing system. That may be an option in your state. Other than that, start making friends. Figure out how far you can carpool with people. No man is an island. If you have to, you might just have to find different jobs that work better for your current situation. If you lose your job, unemployment, while not ideal, is an option until you can find another one. There are jobs where you driving isn't as essential, like construction jobs where you're going to be on-site everyday. Some contractors aren't that opposed to having to pick up their workers and carry them to the site because they know you aren't going to dick off and leave.  They deal with laborers all the time that have fallen down on hard times. That's just one example, I can think of off the top of my head from experience in the real world. Ask other people you know. There may even be a subreddit on here that might have ideas. 

Once you get a plan together that you can do and you know how much you're making a month, go to /r/personalfinance and let them help you budget your spending so you can save up to pay the fines and figure out a way to maintain the insurance necessary to keep you on the road. You're just going to have to be responsible and take it a step at a time instead of skipping things like you've been doing. It doesn't work well as you've found out.  Well then that sounds like you're going to have to find work that's closer to where you are, or carpool with other people. There's literally no other legal options. Well then that sounds like you're going to have to find work that's closer to where you are, or carpool with other people. There's literally no other legal options. Good fucking god, man...

If you cannot afford insurance, let alone the tickets you amassed, you should not be fucking driving, it's only making your situation worse.

Can you have a friend help you out and give you lifts for a week or two until you get this sorted out? I can understand not having Uber where you are, but seriously? No taxis?

Pick up a second job, like right now! By the looks of it you might be getting evicted soon anyway. Better get the ball rolling now, get something close to your apartment/house to minimize travel time.

If no to all of those, you better like walking, cause that's all you're gonna be able to do. If you have to leave for work an hour earlier, two hours, three hours, then so be it. Make it work. This isn’t a joke. I am on the verge of breaking down. And I need advice.  I work two jobs. One is at a ski resort I’d have to walk about 10 miles. The other is in a bigger town a ways away I’d have to walk 25 miles.  I used to live in a small town with no Transit. 3000 people. Usually in a small town like that you're able to walk to everything, and if you worked out of town there's someone that you could probably carpool with.

Your excuses are too flimsy, pay off your tickets and do everything properly. Driving is a privilege not a right. [removed]