I have been out of work, without pay, for 6 months following a 4 week illness. I filed for short term disability and FMLA (per my employer's recommendation). I was cleared to come back to work by my doctor and advised my manager and HR rep. Since then, the HR rep has not answered the phone or returned my calls. I have advised my manager of the situation with the HR rep, but was told that's the only number they have. We were at a standoff at this point.

&amp;#x200B;

Several months later, I receive a call from another HR rep asking what I've been doing for the last few months. By this time, the insurance company has approved both FMLA and STD claims, but I was still not permitted to come back to work. All this time, I've relied on my family for loans until I can get backpay and return to work. (not to mention major car trouble that I cannot afford now) 

&amp;#x200B;

I received a call/email from HR 1 week ago stating that they need a new doctor's note clearing me to return to work. My doctors office is extremely busy and cannot see me for several weeks. Then, I got a call/email stating I'm cleared to return to work, but no mention of backpay.

&amp;#x200B;

I have contacted a few law firms for a free consult, but they have a 24 hour turnaround. 

Does my return to work negate the possibility of backpay?

Should I sue for packpay compensation? (or anything else) They still do not legally owe you back pay.

You probably would of gotten unemployment for that time frame though as a state would look at it as unemployed at no fault of your own. [deleted] The STD payments are probably through an insurance company which they will pay you from the date of injury or usually after a 7 day waiting period.

On your employer side, they can require a doctors note saying you are able to work. You are not entitled to any back pay from them.

So you are just owed from their short term disability company for the duration of disability of (6 months?) which might of maxed out the short term length.