My ex and I have been divorced for 12 years now. He is a MN resident and according to our divorce decree he holds the kids insurance and is legally responsible for all medical bills.  This is in exchange for him paying very little child support for 3 children. This summer my son (16) was admitted over night to Children's Hospital for a small surgery while he was in his dads care. This was done in MN.

&amp;#x200B;

My ex refuses to pay the 1400$ bill. I just got a call from the collection dept at Children's. They say despite the divorce decree and me not living in MN for 12 years that MN law says that I am tied to this debt no matter what and that if its not paid ASAP they will hit my credit score and put me into the same collections my EX is under. I have been a PA resident for 12 years now, am I really bound by MN laws?

&amp;#x200B;

It took me 6 years after my divorce to clean up my credit and I do not want my credit score to take another hit. My ex is notoriously bad at paying bills he wants to ignore, he gets sent to collections all the time, he doesnt care about that stuff. Was this woman even telling me the truth? If she was would it be worth it to pay the 1400$ and then take my ex to small claims court? Are you suggesting that before a hospital can provide care, they must identify all everyone who is or might be responsible for the bill, and their relationships, beforehand? That's not how medical billing works, and not how the legal system expects it to work. When somebody is brought into the ER or other facility for any kind of urgent care, the hospital treats first and goes looking for the responsible party or parties later. 

A parent, either parent, has the authority to bind the other parent to bills for the necessary expenses of the minor child. That is a corollary of the precept that a parent is liable for the child's medical care, and since the hospital knows that, there's your 'apparent authority' right there. You seem to be arguing that Dad can run up a bill for medical expenses for Junior, and then Mom say, "oh, not my bill, I didn't give Dad that authority,' which is incompatible with the notion that Mom is liable for Junior's bills.

In the case of the bicycle shop, I think you are missing the point. It doesn't matter to me whether John was acting on his own behalf or acting as actual agent for Jerry; I don't need to know about Jerry's existence before the sale to have grounds to sue the owner of the shop, *whoever that owner turns out to be*. The hospital, by the act of providing services to a minor, gains the ground to hold that minor's parent(s) or legal guardian(s) liable for the bill, whoever the responsible party turns out to be. 

Finally, what are we really arguing about here? Whether the hospital domesticates a Minnesota judgment in Pennsylvania  or obtains a Pennsylvania judgment, OP is still on the hook, and still must pursue remedy against her ex in whatever jurisdiction the child support decree was issued.  It doesn't matter that Dad knows that Mom exists.  What matters is that the HOSPITAL knows that mom exists.

There are three parties:  The principal (P), the purported agent (A), and the the third party with which the agent is dealing (X).  X cannot say to P "I thought A was acting on your behalf," because, at the time, X didn't know P existed.

Why is that important?  Because you're claiming that A had "implied agency" from P.  But, an element of implied authority is that X has to depend on P's manifestations that A had authority.   There can be no such manifestations if X was unaware of P's existence.  (The 3rd restatement describes this as "apparent authority" in section 2.03.  3.03 discusses that X's belief has to be traceable to P's actions.)

Your counter-example has nothing to do with implied agency: John was an actual agent because he had been given authority by Jerry to deal with customers. You go to Section 6.03(1) of the 3rd restatement, and see that Jerry is bound to the contract. But, for that to apply, John needs actual authority. If, for example, instead of selling a bicycle (which he had authority to do), John had sold the store itself, then that would have been outside of his actual authority and the sale would not have been binding on Jerry.

Note that none of this has to do with whether a parent is liabile for a child's medical expenses -- that arises from the parent-child relationship, NOT because the parents are agents for each other.  It only has to do with whether the Hospital can sue in Minnesota.  (And, it probably also deals with whether the court would apply PA law or MN law.)
 Your analogy is incorrect, because the bike shop has no legal obligation to do anything, but Mom does. Further, the hospital is not a party to the implied agency relationship; that's between Mom and Dad, and I feel safe in saying that Dad knows that Mom exists. 

Here's a different analogy: you walk into John's Bike Shop and buy a bicycle from John, then discover it was stolen and the rightful owner reclaims it. You want to sue the shop, but discover that John is merely an employee; the business is organized as a sole proprietorship owned by Jerry. You didn't know Jerry existed when you bought the bike; does that invalidate your claim against him? No. I am suggesting that if the Hospital were to sue, they'd have to do so in Pennsylvania, not Minnesota.

Your claim of implied agency is wrong - implied agency requires *conduct* of the principal and agent that imply an intention to create an agency relationship. There cannot be implied agency if you don't even know the principal exists.

Let's say that you want to buy a bicycle. You find one online, go to a guy's house and buy it. Later, you discover the bike is not as described and want to sue. You discover that the guy worked at a bike shop, so you sue the shop and claim that the guy was their implied agent. That claim fails because you were unaware that the bike shop existed when you bought the bike.

 In common law, the doctrine of necessities or necessaries was the notion that a husband had the obligation to provide for his spouse *and minor child(ren)*; "the obligation to provide the child's necessities" IS that doctrine, not something apart from it. While Minnesota, like many states, has modified the doctrine as it applies to spouses, it is still applied as to minor children.

The doctrine has historically included the notion that third parties may look to the husband to cover the cost of necessary goods and services furnished to members of his household. In modern applications of the doctrine, those third parties may look to both parents. 

In the instant case, OP has the legal obligation to provide necessary medical care for her child. Whoever took the minor to the hospital acted as her agent in discharging that obligation. If father was the one to take kiddo, then he also had the legal obligation and was acting on his own behalf as well, but it doesn't really matter here whether it was father or grandma or the camp counselor. Kiddo's medical care is the responsibility of both parents; mom is not absolved of any obligation merely because she was not present. If mom did not directly obtain the care, then  the care was obtained by someone acting with implied agency. The hospital doesn't know or care, true, but they don't need to know either.

By the way, are you seriously suggesting that the courts would condone theft of services? That is the logical consequence of the notion that the courts see a difference between providing medical care and paying for medical care, and that is absurd. And a I stated, a parents responsibility for their child’s medical bills doesn’t fall under state jurisdiction. They won’t be able to take her to small claims court, unless they pay a lawyer in her state to do so, but it doesn’t matter what state she resides in and the services were rendered. Both parents are responsible for their child’s medical bills. A divorce decree is a civil matter between the two of them.  But the question was of jurisdiction. So, you're confusing a bunch of things.

First of all, the Doctrine of Necessaries only apples to spouses, not to children.  And, Minnessota doesn't have it at all.  See Minn Stat. 519.05.

Parents do have the obligation to provide the child's necessities (see Minn. Stat. 260C.301(b)(2) ). But, that's really a right enforceable by the state upon the parent, not necessarily by third parties upon the parent.  Further, there's a difference between "providing medical care" and "paying for medical care after it's been provided."  But, since we're talking about personal jurisdiction, let's presume that this argument is overcome and  that OP does, indeed, have the obligation to pay for JR's medical care.

That leads us to the bigger problem:  Your claim of agency.  Basically, you're saying "When Dad took Jr. to the hospital, he was representing both Mom and Dad."  But, it's preposterous to say that one parent was acting as the other parent's agent.  First of all, there's no need for that -- either parent can take the kid to the hospital and sign the forms that say "Yes, treat him."  There's no need to say 'it's in a representative capacity.'  Heck -- the hospital doesn't even know that OP exists at that point.  And, secondly, you don't just create representative relationships out of whole cloth.  It is possible for there to be "apparent agency," but that requires some sort of action by the principal which would make it appear that there was an agency relationship.  

And, you'd have to create that agency relationship to fall under the long-arm statute, which requires that the person "in person or through an agent" "transacts any business within the state."  Clearly, it didn't happen in person.  But, it also didn't happen through an agency.  Correspondingly, the suit would have to be brought in PA.

&amp;#x200B;

&amp;#x200B; Doesn’t matter what state, medical debts are considered necessities and each parent is equally liable.  The minor was in Minnesota and transacted business (to wit, incurred a hospital bill) in Minnesota. Whoever took the kid to the hospital (other parent?) was basically acting as OP's agent in fulfilling mom's obligations under the doctrine of necessities to pay for the necessary medical care for the minor. I think that would satisfy the Minnesota [long-arm statute](https://www.revisor.mn.gov/statutes/cite/543.19).  Ok, but I'm not at all convinced that MN is the proper forum.  Under what basis does MN have personal jusidiction over OP? Thank you for this information! The divorce decree is between you and your ex. The hospital isn't a party to that decree, and they are not bound by its terms. 

You could take your ex back to family court to enforce the decree; your ex leaving you in the lurch re: the medical bills may be sufficient grounds to ask for child support now. Also, generally speaking the court considers unpaid medical bills that he was responsible for to be the same as unpaid child support, and the options for collecting could include wage garnishment or intercepting his tax refunds.  What good is the decree even then? If I had known this I wouldnt have let him off so lightly on the child support! Yes, you are still responsible. You are the parent as well, you are equally responsible as far as debt collection laws go. The divorce decree is considered a civil matter between you and your ex. You will have to take him to small claims court, maybe family court, in order to recoup your losses.

If you itemize your taxes, you can include this as a tax credit under medical expenses at least. 

(I was a medical debt collector for 10 years) 