I met with a buyer, ad clearly states mileage is 180k. 
She saw the car, didnt even want to test drive it. 
I had a loan, and she banked at the same bank so I told her to get approval and they would swap the loan. 

We met let at the bank and the banker says the value is great. 8k and I'm selling the car for 4k. 
I was surprised. Banker says car is just getting broken in. 

Turns out the buyer put 125k miles instead of 180k. 

I text the buyer sitting next to me and the banker and said the mileage is 180k. Not 120k. It's ok if it was a mistake and we can walk away.  She said it's fine she forgot during the loan app phone call. I said I dont want to be the bad person here. We can cancel this. 

It all went through. I'm worried I could get in trouble. The title says 130k from 2015 so theyll surely see that right? The interest rate for her is double what I was paying. Think theyll just let it go? 

Im worried about legal action. I have a career. This seems all on the buyer. I never lied, I never saw her loan application and I was never told what it actually was outside of the bankers comment about being low miles at 120k. 

Do i call the bank and have it all reversed... Ok thank you. No, the ad title and details include the miles and I let her look at the car. I screen shotted everything including the conversation between us.  The bill of sale from the banker does not have the mileage on it. The sale was for the loan amount so her loan paid off my loan. She has keys and car because banker said I could leave after giving me a copy of the bill of sale which was signed by the banker etc... 
I got zero dollars. The bank basically got the same loan for a higher percentage from the buyer. 

 As long as you didn't lie or deceive the buyer, you don't have anything to worry about. The loan is her problem. You sell the car and don't lie on anything you sign. Your bill of sale should only including truthful information. Don't give her the keys unless you get everything done correctly and have cash or a cashier's check for the correct amount. [removed]