Looking for a bit of direction. My son was just fired from his job in WA state on the grounds that the holy spirit told his boss to fire him 🙄. The reasons are because he supposedly was not transparent enough with her about his home life and financial situation at home and because he is a smoker (Yes She knew He Smoked before he was hired). 

Yes, I know this sounds nuts but it has happened. There are no witnesses (there never are with religious nuts like this they tend to cover their tracks well). She pulled him into her office alone and out of the blue fired him for the before stated reasons. 

What are his legal options if any? I also want to call and record a call to ask her for a professional reference to see what information she provides. My concern is that she is a business owner in a small town and will seek to pull an old school blackball job making it impossible for him to make a living in this small town.   I am in Tennessee which is a single party consent state and WA is two party consent state. 

Any advice is much appreciated.  My Kid did not move 2400 Miles...I did. More pontification from an uninformed POV. Opinions really are like______.  [deleted] Appropriate user name. Lady, your kid moved 2400 miles away. It's literally as far away as you can get, while staying in the contiguous states. It clearly wasn't for work. You got super defensive as soon as someone implied that maybe he could deal with this without your interference. 

His employer hasn't done anything illegal. 

Your son came to you to vent and you're looking into legal action. Is this what he wants? By that, I mean, did he specifically and directly ask you to look into legal action on his behalf? 

Take a step back. I asked for advice not a sermon, or your uninformed opinion about what I do or not do in this given situation. But thanks I hope you feel like a big person now. Rme

 I'm not attacking you for asking for advice, but you want to call his boss and record it? If my mom did that I would be fucking livid, and I would be well within my rights. 

Let.
Your.
Son.
Fix.
His.
Own.
Problems.

Be moral support and leave it at that. My son is not a reditor..I simply asked for advice. You have no call to attack me for doing so. If you didn't come here to offer advice pertinent to the subject, please go back to discussing radiators and resivors, where you were actually making sense.  Fair enough, but I still don't think you should be entitled to information about your employees' time outside of work. Basic employee interaction requires extroversion.  That's why I never hire introverts.  Sure they do their job, but they typically never network within an association which creates better synergies between departments.  When I hire someone, I don't want them to sit at their desk and do the same thing for a decade.  I want them to inspire and innovate.  Okay.. I'm still not seeing the need to inquire about their home life, though.  If they're bad at sales you'll be able to tell.

Also sales is a special case where extroversion is basically a job requirement.  I don't have as much of an issue with people being fired from sales (or I guess anything that's heavily customer-facing) for their personality as I do for other jobs. Someone's social life is often tied up with their professional life when working sales.  Making a sale where your interaction still made the client feel awkward is bad business.  True, because I'm an introvert and I'd hate it.

If they're bad at sales, though, then their numbers will be bad and you can fire them for that.  No need to ask them about their home life. &gt;Because maybe they do good work? A workplace isn't a social club.

Apparently you have never worked in sales. &gt; Sorry honey, but you brought up that people are "prescribed meth" as way to legitimize meth heads at work. The proof is in the pudding if you want to check the comment history.

I brought it up as a sociological point, showing that using a particular drug doesn't necessarily imply abuse.  You're the one who decided to argue over whether it was the same drug.

&gt; Why would you want a bunch of introverts working for you?

Because maybe they do good work?  A workplace isn't a social club. &gt; For the record you're the one who tried to make this into a chemistry lesson, but I agree. Let's go back to the original point.

Sorry honey, but you brought up that people are "prescribed meth" as way to legitimize meth heads at work.  The proof is in the pudding if you want to check the comment history.  

&gt;Sure I understand wanting to protect against issues that might become problematic later, but people also have a reasonable expectation of privacy when they're not working

And businesses owners have a fiduciary duty to protect their assets.

&gt;In OP's case, they were being fired not necessarily because they even have a messed-up home life, but just because they didn't want to talk about it.

Firing someone for not being sociable at work and not talking about their lives is perfectly normal.  Why would you want a bunch of introverts working for you? For the record you're the one who tried to make this into a chemistry lesson, but I agree.  Let's go back to the original point.

Sure I understand wanting to protect against issues that might become problematic later, but people also have a reasonable expectation of privacy when they're not working.  In OP's case, they were being fired not necessarily because they even have a messed-up home life, but just because they didn't want to talk about it.  That seems like an unreasonable request from the employer, and I don't think they should be allowed to fire someone just because they want privacy regarding their life outside of work. Because you are trying to obfuscate the original discussion point with a "chemistry lesson" in order to "win" an argument.

So let's get back to point at hand.

Firing people for issues that may crop up in the future is perfectly logical.  You don't wait till after you've clogged a toilet with shit to go buy a plunger. Can you explain how?  I think I made myself pretty clear.

I'm pretty sure Methamphetmaine freebase would just be the "crystal" kind that people smoke, and the HCL is the powdered kind people snort.  They're not very different. Continuing the the intellectual dishonesty route I see. 
 Many drugs are available as HCL salts.  Generally it affects bioavailability and stability (as in shelf-life) but doesn't alter the effects of the drug.

One example of this is Cocaine freebase (crack) vs cocaine HCL (powder cocaine).  They are just different forms of the same drug. ‎C10H15N (methamphetamine)


...is not the same thing as...


C10H16ClN (methamphetamine hydrochloride)


So you are either continuing to be intellectually dishonest or you have grade school level understanding of chemistry. 

 https://www.rxlist.com/desoxyn-drug.htm &gt;I think it would be hard for someone to do meth for very long without it affecting their performance, but if they can then sure, why not?

Because there is a high probability that their habit will cost you money in the long run either through staffing issues or theft.   You don't wait until you get into your first car wreck until you buy insurance. 

&gt;Some people have a prescription for Meth, too. Just using a particular drug doesn't necessarily mean they're abusing it, although that's a hard one to use responsibly.

No one has a prescription for meth. I assume you are trying to compare drugs such as Adderal to meth which is intellectually dishonest. I think it would be hard for someone to do meth for very long without it affecting their performance, but if they can then sure, why not?

Some people have a prescription for Meth, too.  Just using a particular drug doesn't necessarily mean they're abusing it, although that's a hard one to use responsibly. So your opinion is that it's okay to employ meth heads as longs as they are currently performing? If I found out a waiter had been arrested for a DUI that would prevent them from making it into work in the future and prevent them from serving alcohol in some states I would absolutely fire them right away instead of waiting for the inevitable. 

So yes, making employment decisions based on things that may happen in the future are both moral and logical.  &gt;Is it legal to fire someone for not wanting to talk about their financial situation at home?

In at will employment it is.

&gt;Surely you couldn't say "the holy spirit told me to fire you because you're gay" for instance.

Depends on the state.  In some parts of America that is also perfectly legal. &gt; What's "fucked up" exactly? 

Some would say that financial situation has little to no bearing on one's ability to do a job and as such shouldn't be held against them. This, of course, depends on the nature of the job. A waiter? Little to no bearing. A car salesman? Maybe.  The way to get experience with this kind of stuff is to not let your mother do it for you. &gt;Gay is protected class while what your financial situation is not.

This is, unfortunately, not entirely true. Where OP lives (Tennessee), for example, you absolutely can fire someone because he or she is gay, while where OP's son lives (Washington), sexual orientation is a protected class. There are sixteen states with no employment protection for sexual orientation, and it is in fact possible to get married and then immediately fired for it. The EEOC and the 7th circuit have held that discrimination based on sexual orientation is an extension of sex discrimination, but this isn't a settled matter legally speaking, and given that the EEOC guidance comes from 2015, there's a reasonable chance this would not continue to hold up. The latter.  If their personal life isn't affecting their work then it's not any of their employer's business. What's "fucked up" exactly? That the employer prefers transparent employees or that you think businesses should not be able to discriminate against those whose personal lives are messes? Okay thanks.  That's fucked up, but here we are. &gt;Is it legal to fire someone for not wanting to talk about their financial situation at home?

Yes.

&gt; Surely you couldn't say "the holy spirit told me to fire you because you're gay" for instance.

Correct, you can't say that.

&gt;What is different here?

*Gay* is protected class while what your *financial situation* is not.  &gt; the holy spirit told me to fire you" is legal

But the holy spirit had a reason.  Is it legal to fire someone for not wanting to talk about their financial situation at home?  Surely you couldn't say "the holy spirit told me to fire you because you're gay" for instance.  What is different here? A boss getting management directions from their God isn't religious discrimination against other employees. People are allowed to make decisions based on guidance from their faith.  He isn't being fired for his religious beliefs. The stated reason is "his home life and financial situation at home and because he is a smoker."

The employer's religion is involved here, not the employee's. This isn't discrimination based on the employee's religious beliefs. The business owner is batshit crazy, thinks she talks to the holy spirit, and said spirit told her to can the guy because he kept personal info personal. That's insane, but not religious discrimination. Wait a minute.  I get "at will," but I thought religious belief was an exception.  If I can't be fired for my religious beliefs, why the hell should be ok to fire me for yours? Thank you for the help and insight.  It's significant to issues of discrimination, yes. If it's less than 15 employees, even if discrimination on the basis of religion were happening, and it'd be a stretch here, it wouldn't be illegal.  Is the number of employees signicant?  This was the information I needed. Thank you. Some of the web resources I searched were ambiguous on that point.  No he isn't a minor, but he also has no experience with this sort of behavior. You would think in 2018 in a supposedly enlightened place like WA this kind of Crap would be a non issue. Thank you  If one of the parties to a conversation is in a two party consent state, you must have consent to record. Also, you were not the employee and it would be highly inappropriate for you to get directly involved. Your son needs to handle this himself.

That being said, "the holy spirit told me to fire you" is legal. Batshit, but legal. Your son's option is to file for unemployment and find a new job. Is your son a minor? If not, let him handle his own mess.  

The reasons you actually listed - transparency and smoking - aren't protected. Can be fired. Not 100% sure where the holy spirit rolled into this, but depending on how that was brought up, your son may want to look at an employment lawyer. How many employees does the business have? He's in an at-will state where he can be fired for being a cigarette smoker or wearing green socks on a Wednesday. 


&gt;What are his legal options if any? I also want to call and record a call to ask her for a professional reference to see what information she provides. 

This is not a good way to proceed, do not do that. 