 My estranged mother has claimed my 2 children on taxes without my consent. She stole my children's as numbers as well as our birth certificates. We lived with her none and now I need to know what I need to do.  She's wrong. The support test for qualifying children is no longer (and hasn't been for ~10 years) whether you provided more than half of their support. The tie-breaker rule is "parents win," so support isn't relevant there, either. I do agree with the conclusion that OP has the superior claim. I didn't tell her she could, obviously. And I lived in another city the whole time.  Thos is what she said. Stop lying. First of all you told Daniel he could claim you'll cause you'll lived with us. Second of all..the kids have Arkansas benefits and not Wyoming... They will send that to DHS and you'll are gonna get Fraud Brittany. DHS has new system called hub. Stop posting things about us on here...we don't post bout you'll so stop trying make the 2 people that tried helping you Look Bad. When Roberts return hits the hub system...youll both n Trouble. I suggest you leave Daniel name out of things. Then she can't claim them. No she didn't. I mean she bought stuff for them but she didn't support them. Their dad did.  Did she pay for more than 50% of their support last year? What if it's done under my brothers name. She swears up and down it's legal to claim a niece and nephew.  You won't be able to eFile if she has already, so you will have to send in a paper return. This could also delay your refund if you are getting one. Once the IRS determines who can legally declare the children (you), they will hit your mother with the back taxes due, plus penalties and interest. With this, OP needs to file their return on paper as e file will not be accepted for the second person claiming specific dependents. File your taxes, if they get kicked back you'll have to file extra paperwork stating that you provided more than half of their support in 2018. The IRS will deal with her. 