 I’m currently in Costa Rica on a three month vacation. Last week I was raped by a Canadian. At the time I was so upset (and unsure of how a foreign country would handle something like this) I didn’t press any charges or even report anything. I have some evidence (texted my friends immediately after while I hid in the bathroom, a friend coming to help me immediately and me telling him what happened, the women who worked at the hostel where it happened helping me since I was frantically crying, practically naked and just begging for someone to help me get my clothes back, even though I didn’t explicitly tell them what happened). The rapist has left the town I’m in already, and has possibly already left the country. Is there anything legally I can do? If it happened in Costa Rica, is that the only country I can file charges with? Or can Canada do something because he is a citizen there? Not sure if this is even the right sub to help me, but any advice whatsoever would be greatly appreciated.  she very likely lies to get attention or to inflict hate on white cis men read her other posts and comment it's obvious. I suspect that if CR fails to prosecute, there will be a few crown prosecutors ready to argue for jurisdiction, and an early statement sworn to will be welcome evidence. If nothing else, it would assist in a civil action, should the victim turn plaintiff. Yeah, I was worried as much - I did wonder if it was a possibility, as I know the UK has laws that would potentially allow this and obviously we’re both in the Commonwealth so we do have similar legal systems to a point. I only mentioned it as a surprisingly small number of people actually know that legislation like this exists.  Fuck. Thanks so much for this info, though. I guess it seems like nothing can be done. Possibly talk to Costa Rican officials but I highly doubt they’ll do anything since he’s already gone. Fucker found a nice little loophole.  I'm a Canadian lawyer. I am not speaking out of my ass when I say that Canada has no jurisdiction over this particular crime. The list of offences that Canada can prosecute if they occurred in a different country is VERY small. Child sex tourism (not just any sex offences against a child) are one of them, and its a pretty narrow exception that exists for public policy reasons specifically because Canadians were engaging in sex tourism to abuse children in countries that were turning a blind eye or didn't criminalize it in the first place.  As a Canadian lawyer, i can assure you that no, Canada cannot prosecute this. Thank you. I know, it’s always so difficult with these cases. Unfortunately this is not my first time around this block, which is why I really wish I could do something about it now.  I'm sorry you've had to go through this, but you're going to have a real uphill battle to prove anything now. If a situation like this arises again, call the police without delay. Thank you. I want to report it if something can actually be done about it. I’m so sick of some people thinking they can do this to women and get away with it (probably bc they usually do).  Yeah I have :( just a bikini but I was thinking it was a lost cause when it first happened I didn’t even seriously consider saving any evidence or seeing about a rape kit until days later.  I really hope so. Thank you maybe I can contact the embassy and see what they can tell me about this.  Have you laundered the clothes you were wearing at the time? A lot of countries have laws that allow them to prosecute sexual offences that were committed abroad as if they happened at home, so they may not be entirely out of luck. I know the UK does, as does the US. Report it to the local police please. Rapists are so fucking disgusting and I am sorry you had to experience that. Thank you! Potentially they can extradite him. Thank you 🙏  Thank you for responding. Can Costa Rica even do anything then if he does leave the country? Costa Rica is the country that has jurisdiction, since the crime occurred there. If you want to pursue this, report the crime to the Costa Rican police. Canada cannot charge him for a sexual assault committed in a different country. Reporting it to the embassy isn't going to do a lot, justice wise. Canada cannot prosecute the Canadian for this.