First off, I’m in New York State on Long Island. My great uncle passed away in October 2016 and my uncle was left as a trustee. He stated that everyone was going to get a little something and left it at that. I heard nothing after that until I received a telephone call from a paralegal in mid November 2018. She told me that I had been listed as the beneficiary for my great uncle’s Life Insurance Annuity and would be sending me some paperwork that could be submitted directly to insurance company. I received the paperwork for insurance company and completed it in its entirety. However, it stated that a certified copy of his death certificate must accompany the form. I requested an expedited (priority) copy of his certified death certificate from the state and it states that it could still take 2-4 weeks to receive. My issue is the letter stated to “return the claim documents by December 9, 2018 or have the beneficiary contact us to acknowledge they are working with you on this claim.” I called the number provided stated that I was working with the paralegal on the claim and in the process of obtaining a death certificate and was told that they may not be able to give me more time since his death occurred over 2 years ago and they have to go by state laws and the benefit may be turned over to the state. I explained that I did not receive any paperwork until the end of November, so I do not understand how they can expect me get the required documentation in such a short period of time. The person I was speaking to stated that she would have the annuity benefit claims team member on the file call me back, which is what I am waiting on. I am hoping this person had no idea what she was talking about, but I am very upset. I also called the paralegal and explained the situation in a voicemail and am waiting to hear back from her as well. So I guess my question is, can they do this? My father does not have a copy of the death certificate and I am really trying to avoid calling my uncle for a multitude of reasons. Any advice you can give is appreciated - thanks in advance Thanks! Definitely should have done this from the beginning but I honestly thought that given the wording of the letter, as long as I acknowledged I was working on it, it would not be a problem to request it on my own. I will ask the paralegal when she calls me back :) [deleted]