Hi there- 
(This May be a little graphic) 

The other night someone said they would pay me for Dom sub role play. 
We agreed that they wanted basically fun sex, a foot massage &amp; some house cleaning. 

They did ask if I was ok with fear- to which I said yes- thinking it’d be pretend. 

After some actual fun &amp; decent sex, he started to handcuff me, but then handcuffed my feet as well. 
I was cuffed and on his carpet with a ball gag in my mouth when he pulled out a switch blade and told me I was stupid for trusting him (fair enough) 

I was able to spit out the gag and talk him down, while trying to meet his level of crazy. He told me some horrible things and it ended with me “consenting” to him cutting a small part of my thigh and him SUCKING THE BLOOD FROM IT - and then offering to stitch it up- as he is a medical student. 

I felt raped. I had to somehow talk him off an edge and figure things out about my situation while I was naked and handcuffed (behind my back) as well as my ankles cuffed together. 

Now, I’m poor AF (which is why I went in the first place) and I also would hate to derail his life with a lawsuit and all that. So I’d like to “settle” this quietly with him. And only him. I’ve drafted a text, explaining what true Dom/Sub culture is (a bases in trust) and that if anyone wants to do blood or torture play they should fucking say it at the begin. 
I told him I’ve scheduled a meeting with the dean of his school, the head of his department, the school therapist (I added their names) and some professors from the law school down the street- and am asking him for some money in return I will cancel the meeting. 

I’ve set up a new Venmo account with a new email &amp; such- he doesn’t know where I live or work, or my last name. He only knows my phone number- 


Could this all backfire on me? He is 26 so I think the fear of losing a career he’s been working towards as well as “shame” may help me? 

Help me... &gt; Could this all backfire on me?

Your blackmail attempt?

Yeah, that can backfire on you. [deleted] This is extortion.  Either go to the police if you feel violated or do nothing.  Threatening to ruin his life if he doesn't pay you is textbook extortion. No. You go to the police when consent has been revoked and this continues. You don’t extort money 