North Carolina, USA - Obviously there isn't a lot I can do in terms of him owning the car but my grandad has paid over 5k dollars for him to even keep the car(its been repoed once and he had to pay 2000 dollars to get it back and I crashed it once and no other vehicle was involved so my grandad also paid for the repairs and that was 3500 dollars) he also drove my 15k dollar four wheeler or quad to some of you into the ground and its practically worthless now. I have drove it since 2014 and hes the only one that takes it to the ATV park. The quad is in my name. I'm just wondering what I can do about all this because its essentially 15000 dollars that I'm being screwed out of. I have tried to see if he would sign the car loan over to me in exchange for the quad but he has refused that. What should my next actions be? I assume that you are not a minor ...

If you have a claim for damages to the quad you can initiate a proceeding in small claims court.  As for the car, if it is in your dad's name it is his car regardless of how much money you or your grandfather put into it.  And no, you cannot take parts off of the car - that would be theft. Their is no need to get agitated at people giving you sound guidance. I know it must be a really difficult situation for you to be in but when people give you advice don't reply with sarcasm and condescending words. I didn’t think I’d need to say this, but no you can’t vandalize the car. Maybe if you paid to remove them and by some weird coincidence they had the old ones that you could pay them to install. See how fucking stupid that sounds? 


Stop being petty and move on with life.  They can be my room decoration  Yea I'll be fine with that. Are you going to pay the repair shop more money to remove them? It’s not like you can return them for a refund.  Yea? So can I take it to the body shop I got the repair done at and take my quarter panel, bumper and door back Your next step is to move out and understand that sometimes people suck. He fucked you over but at the end of the day unless the title has your name on it, the car belongs to him.  No kidding that's what I'm doing. Move out and start your own independent life.