Hello to one and all :). As this is my second post on Reddit (the first one was locked, but the premise is identical), I apologize, in advance, for any errors that may ensue with respect to format and/or protocol, etc., it's just that I simply don't know as to what to do at this point and it was suggested to me that I could try to perhaps find some answers from all of you lovely people :), so yeah, as to here I am, I guess.

Anyway, and without getting into too much detail concerning as to how and why I elected to do that as to which follows, over roughly the last twelve months, I have desperately tried to find a publisher for my article, entitled "From Russia with Revenge - How the Clinton Administration's Meddling in Boris Yeltsin's Re-election Campaign of 1996 and Overall Policies Towards Russia Destroyed its Economy and Nascent Democracy, Paved the Way for Putin, Ultimately Doomed Hillary, and Set the Stage for Trump", reaching out to anyone and everyone of as to whom you can possibly think in order to keep a promise to someone as to who, sadly, is no longer with us :( as well as so as to settle a debt with another very special person; and while I was ultimately rejected by, well, everyone insofar as publications are concerned and many of my emails ultimately went unanswered, I was fortunate enough to have received important and tremendous feedback, help, and support from a number of bestselling authors and famous editors, etc., on my piece, so imagine as to my let's say "surprise" as to when, after twice submitting my work to The Atlantic, I discovered this "story" that was "written" by one of their contributing editors that let's say "curiously appeared" a mere three months and eleven days after I had received their most recent letter of rejection.

Not only did this guy steal my entire premise, but he also shamelessly cited almost all of my statistics, sources, talking points, and quotes. Seriously, it's like he's not even trying to hide his dastardly deeds, and in response, I attempted to contact the editor of The Atlantic so as to obtain some kind of explanation, etc., via email, in which I documented said journalist's acts of intellectual thievery on a line-by-line basis, only to never receive even a single reply - and after 32 attempts, no less - and trying to contact the magazine, itself, to report my case also yielded nothing. 

Fast forward (sidebar - is that still a thing?) to roughly a month later, and, after telling me that he "much enjoyed" my piece but couldn't help me in terms of "placing it", a bestselling author "wrote" a "story" for The Boston Globe that, again, followed the previous pattern in terms of theft, with really the only difference being that this dude is able to do that as to which I unfortunately cannot - effectively summarize, well, anything, lol, and his let's say "retelling" of my "deep dive", haha, makes no mention of me, nor my work, and it's the same way with the aforesaid "article" in The Atlantic.

Additionally, thanks to both Medium's Terms of Service page, which, under "Content rights and responsibilities" states that "You own the rights to the content you create and post on Medium", and the founder of INSURGE Intelligence - a, well, publication on Medium.com - on March 27 of this year, both the journalist at The Atlantic and the bestselling author at The Boston Globe have not simply committed intellectual thievery, but have also violated the content and publishing rights of both an award winning author, investigative journalist, and former employee of The Guardian and said platform (the aforesaid founder of INSURGE Intelligence. Sorry for the confusion).

Finally, I have the emails, and the screenshots thereof, to prove everything, and I am more than willing to share my documented breakdown of the plagiarism that was committed on the part of both of these guys at my expense. Just be aware that it will make for a rather lengthy post. Sorry about that :(.

Oh yeah, and before I forget, while I acknowledge that the bestselling author at The Boston Globe has previously written about Russia, never has he even remotely touched on the subject matter that makes for the focus of my piece, and just in case anyone is interested, the "article" that was "written" by the contributing editor at The Atlantic was later retweeted by Jake Tapper. *Yeah...*

Thanks in advance for even bothering to read any part of this post, btw, as I really appreciate it. I just need to know my options, if they even exist, at this point. Sigh. 

##  Years of litigation? Oh ffs, lmao.

Thanks for your suggestion, btw. Looks like I'm off to the Google, lol. No, I just submitted it like anyone/everyone else does, if that makes any sense, and besides, this didn't happen at any of the other publications that received my let's call it "work", lol. Sigh. 

Thanks for taking the time to read over my case, btw, as I really appreciate it :). Thanks for the clarification regarding "NAL", lol. Again, sorry about that.

As for the rest, well, man, that's discouraging, to say the least, as that sounds like they can basically get away with murder, here, which is beyond ridiculous, imo. 

In all honesty, it's not even the rejection that bothers me, as I'm practically numb to it all, at this point. This is about right and wrong, and they are completely in the latter, as far as I am concerned, without any  shadow of a doubt. Sigh.

Thanks, again :).

Oopsie, almost forgot - the thief at The Atlantic also happens to double as a professor of journalism, or something, because of course he does, SMH. NAL = not a lawyer

You do need an IP lawyer to tell you if you have a case or not, none of us can do that. But I don’t know that you’d get the publications to print your article as is even if you did win a case. You’d maybe get a retraction/acknowledgement but any publication can argue absolute discretion to print what they like, even if they say no to you and yes to something incredibly similar.  Type in Google Harvard plagiarism attorney and you'll find the name of one who represented students. Others can come from Google.  Another thought I have is that you are accusing them of plagiarism. When people are accused of plagiarism (think of Harvard student plagiarism scandal or other upstarts whose lives would be shattered by such an accusation) they retain a plagiarism attorney. You need to find the names of these attorneys and call them. Go big, as your opponent are big. The defendants in your case likely have insurance to deal with legal claims such as this, and with the right proof and a years of litigation you could pocket some money in settlement. Did you have any sort of confidentiality clause or NDA in place before giving them your writing? Not sure as to what "NAL" means, but at any rate, let's go piece by piece (no pun intended), here:

1). I started writing my article literally months before anything that even remotely resembled it appeared, well, anywhere, and I have the timestamp to prove it.

Still, I think that it's important to keep in mind that the premise of my work is also far different than at least 95% of the stories that are constantly heard/shown in the news about Russia/Clinton/Trump, thereby making it at least somewhat unique. I think. Actually no idea, lol.

2). If I were to show you some excerpts from both articles wherein my talking points, statistics, and/or sources were let's say "used", would you believe me? I only ask because I've got a ton of them, as it were.

3). I'm not interested in obtaining any kind of monetary compensation, here, as that never even figured into my decision to put this thing together, so to speak, in the first place. I mean, don't get me wrong - money is nice and all, but it just was simply never a motivating factor. No, as to what I'd really like is for both publications to put my piece, as is, in print, as well as to feature my work across all of their social media accounts, etc., just as they do with any other article, as I think that that's more than fair, don't you?

Besides, have you seen the current issue of The Atlantic? The cover story is entitled "The Sex Recession", while the magazine also features a lengthy piece on Clinton's impeachment, and, just for good measure, right next to the latter at the top of the aforesaid current issue is an article that is written by, well, one of the offenders in my case, or am I not allowed to say that? Sorry. I'm new, here, lol.

Either way, the most current version of The Atlantic is pure garbage, LOL, so honestly, as to how could my let's call it "work" possibly be any worse?

Thanks for even taking the time to review my case, btw, as it really means a lot :). Sigh. As I just said to masoj3k, I was afraid that someone was going to say that, but thank you so much for even taking the time to respond to my case, anyway, as it really means a lot :).

I just never thought that it would come to this. Sigh. I was afraid that someone would say that, but thanks, anyway, as I really appreciate it. Any idea as to how much it would even cost to pursue such a case and as to how long it would take to be resolved, at least theoretically? 

I still just cannot believe that it has come to this. All I wanted was to repay someone and keep a promise. Yeesh. What a waste of time. Sigh.

Thanks for even taking the time to respond to my case, btw. It seems you can (probably) prove that this author rewrote your article as they used the same statistics, sources, and talking points.   


Given the fact your pleas have fallen on deaf ears so far, you might want to consider getting in touch with a litigator who specialises in copyright and intellectual property services.  


&amp;#x200B; NAL but am a published author.

You can’t copyright an idea and you don’t have a monopoly on facts. That makes the bar for proof in your case insanely high. This isn’t some obscure story, it’s Russia/Clinton/Trump, all over the news every cycle, and everyone’s looking for a new angle, which also makes theft harder to prove.

Now if they repeated you word for word you probably have a case. Maaaaaybe if they cited the exact same quotes from all the exact same sources, but even then if these are facts and they’re presented in a unique way, it’s going to be difficult to prove outright theft. 

Then there’s the question of your damages. You can’t really put a price on recognition/exposure so what we’re talking here is a fee for your article, which isn’t going to be much in the grand scheme of things. Even with a judgment for several times that in damages it’s not a life-changing sum. 

If they stole your idea, it sucks. Really. But idk how actionable it is. You need to see a lawyer to review the specifics of your case, but don’t get your hopes up. This is way beyond reddit help, you will need to see a lawyer to see whether you have any hope of winning and how much it will cost you to try to pursue.