I have rented an apartment with 2 other guys in SFO,CA.  Our lease is ending in January 2019. I have decided to move out of the apartment once the lease term ends. My roommates have decided to continue to stay and renew the lease. Now my landlord(community) is asking me to pay a lease modification fee of 200$ to drop my name from the lease, otherwise my name will be included in the renewed lease even though I don’t sign on anything. This is stressing me out. Why do I have to pay a fee if they decided to stay ? How can they renew the lease with my name without my permission and signature ?
Please advice ! thanks for your time.
English is not my first language , so please excuse me and correct any grammatical mistakes I made.  &gt;	I'm saying that notifying the land lord that you will be leaving at the end of the lease does not free you from the lease's conditions until you have turned the property back over to the land lord.

And I’m saying that obligations under the lease go both ways - it’s a contract, after all - so if the lease stays in force until the property is surrendered, which is your theory, then a tenant in bad faith could hold a landlord to obligations well past the calendar end of the lease simply by squatting in the property.

&gt;	But seeing as how OP mentions a fee to modify the lease, we can infer that the lease contains language indicating that it either becomes month to month or automatically extends.

Absent any action by OP I’m almost certain it would simply extend. But you can’t argue an implicit intent to extend the lease after he’s given explicit notification of intent to end the lease. That’s the point, here - OP needs to make explicit his intent not to extend the lease.

&gt;	Unfortunately, for period term leases (as we assume OP's is converting to from fixed term) there is no need to sign a new lease.

Because one of the agreements in the lease is that, *absent any other notification*, the lease will be accepted by all parties as having been extended. That’s why OP needs to let his landlord know he’s refusing to extend the lease.

&gt;	Even in cases where there is no automatic renewal, you give proper notice, vacate the property, and hand over the keys you are STILL liable for the property and rent if your room mates stay and stop paying rent.

Well, the answer to that is *maybe.* How can you be held to a contract you’ve stopped being a party to? So multi person leases never end as long as one party holds out?Leases can convert to month-to-month (depending on the exact lease language) but generally when a lease *ends* ALL the parties can *choose* to *renew* or *not renew* the lease. In this case are the landlord and his multiple tenants. If one of the tenants doesn't want to renew the lease, then the landlord needs to write a new lease since the people involved are changing. I don't think the intent of multi-person leases is to create a situation of "ah-ha! You're trapped here forever!" 
Imagine this: the landlord doesn't want to renew the lease, everyone must move out. Lease ends. How is that different from one person wanting to love out when the lease ends?  We can't infer anything about the lease itself. For all we know the landlord is just trying to make a quick 200 bucks.  Alright let's say you are somehow on the same lease as the sons landlord. At the end of the lease you want to move out.  But the son wants to stay. Can the landlord keep you Indefenetly on the lease? For years and years to come. 

The lease is now converted to month to month You can't return the property because the son lives there. 

You are basically a hostage. Bound forever to the lease. It can't work that way right? &gt;IANAL either, but that doesn't make sense. Assuming it doesn't say otherwise, the lease ends in January. If the tenants want to stay longer and not be month-to-month, a new lease is created. 

This is true in the case of a NEW lease. But since OP is being asked to pay a lease modification fee, we can infer that the lease contains language which converts it from fixed term to periodic after the fixed term ends. In this case there is no need to sign a new lease, the old lease automatically converts.

Since OP wants to leave, the landlord needs to modify the lease to have them removed.

A new lease would allow OP to side step this issue, but then requires the LL to go through the motions of concluding the original lease. IE taking the keys back from everyone, returning deposits etc.

A nice landlord would simply amend the lease for free, or fudge the renewal without actually going through all the motions. But I don't believe there is any legal obligation for them to do so. &gt; This would imply you could never evict a tenant at the end of their lease; if they wanted to stay and keep paying you, you’d never be able to get them out.

I'm not sure I follow your meaning. I'm not saying that staying in a property after the lease term ends allows you to stay there forever. I'm saying that notifying the land lord that you will be leaving at the end of the lease does not free you from the lease's conditions until you have turned the property back over to the land lord.

&gt;Well, but it can’t be the same lease once it expires, unless it’s renewed; and just as OP can’t be forced to sign a contract, he can’t be forced to agree to a contract renewal. 

Without seeing OP's lease, we can't know for sure. But seeing as how OP mentions a fee to modify the lease, we can infer that the lease contains language indicating that it either becomes month to month or automatically extends.

This is type of lease period is called something like  'Automatic Renewal (or Periodic)'. An automatic renewal term is a lease period that renews every month, six months, or year for the same length of time. This arrangement continues until the landlord or tenant terminates the lease.

&gt;Well, but it can’t be the same lease once it expires, unless it’s renewed;

Unfortunately, for period term leases (as we assume OP's is converting to from fixed term) there is no need to sign a new lease. The old lease remains in effect but is no longer fixed term, it is now periodic. 

&gt;The lease is dissolved by a function of it expiring before renewal by all parties.

Only if the lease does not contain automatic renewal, all tenants give notice, and the property is successfully returned to the landlord. 

Even in cases where there is no automatic renewal, you give proper notice, vacate the property, and hand over the keys you are STILL liable for the property and rent if your room mates stay and stop paying rent. &gt; So what happens if OP just says "I'm leaving, cya"? It goes month to month and all three of the roommates are still equally on the hook for rent?

That is exactly how it works. On a month to month lease, the original lease is still in effect, it's just now on a month to month basis instead of fixed term. The landlord doesn't present a new lease to the tenants every month for them to sign, the old lease simply continues until either party gives notice and goes through the motions to conclude the lease.

This is why it is critical to make sure that you are removed from a lease when moving out of a shared housing situation. A quick google search will yield cases where people have found this out the hard way. The lease term ends, they notify the landlord, they move out, and they think everything is finished. Later on, they find out they've been evicted from an apartment they don't even live in because they were still jointly liable for their roommates who then stopped paying rent etc.

&gt;It just doesn't make sense that someone can sign a lease with roommates for a specific term, decide to leave at the end of that term, and still be held hostage by the other roommates.

The legal term for this is a 'Hold over tenant'. Everyone on the lease is liable for the whole rent amount Even if you give notice and move out, if your roommates stay behind they are hold over tenants and the lease is NOT considered to be concluded. Until they leave and the property is turned back over to the land lord, all parties are still financial liable for whole amount of rent, regardless of whether they live there or not. You absolutely can be evicted from an apartment you do not live in.

To avoid situations like this its best to try and get your own separate lease, or at least establish a roommate agreement (yes they are real, and not just a joke on the Big Bang Theory) that establishes rules for these situations. If the landlord chooses to enter into a contract with other people, that won't relieve him of his duties vis a vis OP's deposit. &gt;	To formally end a lease the property must be vacated and returned to the land lord.

This would imply you could never evict a tenant at the end of their lease; if they wanted to stay and keep paying you, you’d never be able to get them out.

It doesn’t work like that in most US jurisdictions - tenants don’t have a unilateral right to extend a lease.

&gt;	Since the roommates are staying, and it is the same lease, the landlord has no obligation to remove OP from the lease. 

Well, but it can’t be the same lease once it expires, unless it’s renewed; and just as OP can’t be forced to sign a contract, he can’t be forced to agree to a contract renewal. His written refusal to renew the contract makes plain that he has no intent to enter into a contractual agreement, so he can’t be held to one. The lease is dissolved by a function of it expiring before renewal by all parties. So what happens if OP just says "I'm leaving, cya"? It goes month to month and all three of the roommates are still equally on the hook for rent?

It just doesn't make sense that someone can sign a lease with roommates for a specific term, decide to leave at the end of that term, and still be held hostage by the other roommates. IANAL either, but that doesn't make sense. Assuming it doesn't say otherwise, the lease ends in January. If the tenants want to stay longer and not be month-to-month, a new lease is created. The landlord can't just add someone to that lease without their consent, or modify the current lease to say something different without all parties signing off on it (it would be an amendment to an existing contract). 

The landlord can of course try to sue OP for whatever he wants, and he'll try to scare OP into paying the bullshit "modification fee." But there is no modification. First of all, what does the lease say about termination? p

Here is what should happen. On the day you move out, the landlord should come in and inspect the place. You should figure out how much damage occurred during your tenancy and subtract that from the total security deposit paid by you and your roommates. Then, he should return your portion to you. Your roommates than sign Elise between just them in the landlord. they probably need to true up their security deposit. But, they should have a record of the damage that was already found because now it is pre-existing damages.

 Not a lawyer, but as far as I know, as long as they are all on the same lease this is permissible. To formally end a lease the property must be vacated and returned to the land lord. 

Since the roommates are staying, and it is the same lease, the landlord has no obligation to remove OP from the lease. (Since they are all jointly liable). I’m not saying the land lord isn’t being a dick, I’m just saying that giving notice at end of lease is not enough. The property has to be vacated by all tenants for the lease to be concluded since they are considered together as one entity. 

The way this should go down is that the landlord ends the lease, and has the remaining roommates sign a new lease. But there’s no requirement that they do it this way. 

OP should also be aware that if they’re modifying the lease, then the landlord also may not return their deposit. Again, because the property has not been fully returned to the control of the land lord. 

I’d say OP should ask not for a lease modification, but for the roommates to sign a new lease. If they refuse, then maybe they can look at contesting this lease modification fee. 

You see this issue come up with hold over tenants and then the landlord goes after tenants who don’t live there anymore because they’re all liable.  Send written notice to your LL now, that at the end of the lease, in January 2019, you will be moving out of the home and will no longer be making any payments to the LL.  

Since the lease is ending, this is not a lease modification, the lease is ending and the LL needs to write a whole new lease with the people who are staying.  They cannot renew the lease with you on it without your permission and your written notice is going to be required in the event something comes up later.

Since your roommates are planning to stay, and may get a new roommate to move in since you are moving out, your LL is within his/her rights to not return any deposit.  The deposit doesn't have to be returned until EVERYONE has moved out.  

So, ask your roommates to buy out your share of the deposit - whatever you paid in.  They also need to insist on a new lease, since you will not be on it.  
If the LL refuses, you need representation.  Since you are in the SFO area, look for a tenant advocate or tenant's union for assistance. If the roommates are staying, the landlord won't return the deposit because there are still people living there.  The OP will need to get his share of the deposit back from the roommates that are staying. If you terminate your lease, then your landlord isn't modifying your lease; he's making a brand new lease with some other folks that you used to do business with.  The issue that may come up is that he may claim that the other parties aren't terminating the lease with him, to which you can respond "so what? I'm done leasing from you; return my deposit on schedule or face the wrath of small claims court!"  Obviously make sure that you are out of the apartment and have good evidence of the condition it was in when you left, when the time expires.

Depending on your relationship with former roommates, he may retaliate by trying to bill this fee to them.  That's their problem but they might try to blame their problem on you.   SF Tenants Union can help you for free SF tenant legal advice. You can give them a donation but it's not required. 

[https://www.sftu.org](https://www.sftu.org) Give the landlord a 30 days notice (or whatever is required). Once the lease ends you are month-to-month (edit - IF you decide to stay. You don't have to). He can't make you sign a lease that you don't want to be a part of. But IANAL, and I don't know what your lease says. &gt; This is stressing me out. Why do I have to pay a fee if they decided to stay ? How can they renew the lease with my name without my permission and signature ?

I don't see how they can. Let your landlord know, by registered letter, that consistent with the terms of your lease you're notifying him of your intent to end your tenancy, and that no renewal of the lease is authorized or accepted. That's sufficient to terminate the lease for everybody.

If your roommates want to stay, they need to be on a new lease. I would think that if it's a recurring 1-year lease, OP may be OK and the issue would fall on the roommates (or, the roomies would get a new lease without OP), but if it reverts to month-to-month, then yeah OP is likely stuck. This will probably depend on what your current lease says about auto renewal.