This happened last year and I am getting around to the idea of taking legal action. 

We were having the oil changed in our current car that we purchased from this dealer and while we were waiting we were approached by a salesmen wanting to discuss a new car. I stated we weren't shopping for a new one but if they could take my car in trade, give me a new one and have no money out of pocket and my payment stay the same we would entertain the idea.

He left, came back and wanted me to sign a document. I stated no, didn't sign anything, and told him there isn't a need to pull credit at this point. I also told I did not want my credit pulled and he insisted they wouldn't. He came back later and wanted another signature, I again declined, and stated if the numbers aren't even close then there is no reason to do any of that. He insisted it was only to get an accurate payment. I told him to assume the rate I was currently paying, which was 3%, and to base it off of that. I reiterated and had him repeat back to me after I said, "At no point do I want you to pull my credit. I am not buying a new car." He agreed.

Eventually he came back, showed some numbers that were way above my current payment to which I stated, "not a big deal. Thanks for checking. And to confirm, no one ran my credit, correct?" He stated, "No we didn't have authorization to do that."

I went to lunch with my wife and got a notification that my credit had been hit with an inquiry from this dealership. 

When I called, I got a sales manager and I explained what was going on. He was very upset with his employees and stated he would call me right back. Phone rang, a new person responded saying he was the one who was responsible for the credit pull as he was the finance guy and he didn't want to lose a sale. I asked how he had the information to pull my credit as I didn't fill out any paperwork and he stated they had my information on file as I had purchased my current car from them.

He was very apologetic and stated they "would make it right." 

Long story short, they did nothing. He stated he was going to retract the inquiry but only got one of the credit bureaus to do anything. 

I thought I was going to let sleeping dogs lie but its been eating at me lately and what my options were. Yes, you can sue them for your damages (currently zero), and only after trying to mitigate those damages (i.e dispute the hard pull). [deleted] You can dispute the credit check with the credit bureaus. That's it.