Hello everyone,  
I'm about to start my 4th semester of my bachelors degree in law in Denmark. I've always wanted to live in the U.S and practice in the U.S. Since I'm only 1½ years from potentionally moving to the US, I've recently started doing some research on what is required of me to study in the U.S and I've run into some problems. So I came here in hope of getting some advice.  


My questions basically boil down to:  
Would I be able to take a LLM with a european bachelors degree in law?  
Would I be able to take the bar exam with a EU bachelors degree in law and an LLM?  


I haven't been able to find any useful information on these 2 questions, so any help would be much appreciated. Whilst I'm doing pretty well I don't think im quite yale or harvard material :D

And yeah imma decide on a state soon and ill call up some universities and get some detailed information.

Thanks a lot for all the information, it really has been helpful :) Law is still a very fragmented and localized practice in the US, so you should primarily target law schools located in the state where you want to practice. Obviously a Harvard or Yale degree will be nationally portable, but employers tend to focus on hiring graduates from a law school within their state. 

I would start by emailing or calling the admissions office at each of the law schools you’d be interested in attending. They can give you a run down of their admissions requirements and may know what the state’s bar requires as well.  Yeah seems like a helpful link I'll read it through carefully. Tyvm. \- Im looking to move after taking LLB in Denmark, which would mean i'd take my LLM in the US.

\- What would be the best way to figure out which schools do take a european LLB? Maybe contacting them individually is the way to go.

\-ah yeah 200 law uni's. Think we have 5 universities in DK with 4 of them offering law, lmfao. Much easier to manoeuvre.

&amp;#x200B; &gt; So most states I would be good to take the bar if i have an LLM?

An LLM from a European law school would not qualify for most states (unless the program is specifically accredited by the American Bar Association).  You need either a JD or an LLM from an American law school (both of which are expensive).  Some foreign educated lawyers can sit for the New York bar exam without an American degree, but their degree has to meet some strict criteria, such as being equivalent to a JD/LLM and having curricula based on the English common law.

&gt; Can i take an LLM with a european bachelor degree tho? I guess this would depend on the universities maybe. :D

Yes, it depends on the school.  I believe most American law schools will admit Europeans with an LLB (or equivalent) to their LLM programs.

&gt; It's super confusing compared to Denmark, since we only have 4 universities offering law degrees (compared to thousands of US universities).

Well, there are "only" two hundred or so law schools in the US, but that's still much more than four =). Unless things have changed, if you are a foreign lawyer (accreditation varies based on the country) and receive an LL.M. from an accredited law school in New York, you can likely sit for the New York bar.  It's possible you may not need an LL.M. though.

For New York, [I think this guide may be helpful?](http://www.nybarexam.org/Foreign/ForeignLegalEducation.htm)   Yeah i edited in what states im interested in.  


So most states I would be good to take the bar if i have an LLM?  


Can i take an LLM with a european bachelor degree tho? I guess this would depend on the universities maybe. :D  


It's super confusing compared to Denmark, since we only have 4 universities offering law degrees (compared to thousands of US universities) The answer is highly dependent on what state you want to practice in.  Keep in mind that passing a state's bar exam only allows you to be eligible to practice in that state.  Some states have reciprocity and will accept a score from certain other states, but you still have to pay fees and obtain continuing education credits each year. 

On the bar exam issue, most states require foreign law students to obtain an LLM from an American law school prior to being eligible to sit for the bar.  A very small number of states will allow a foreign law student to sit for the bar without an American degree.    

In case your post gets removed from this sub, I would suggest posting to /r/lawschool or /r/law.

  I've considered studying/practicing in New York, Texas or California.   


And yeah I'll try having a look around on the admission websites. Where in the US do you want to go? Each state is different. If you know where you want to go try looking at that states bar admission website. 

The terminology your using is throwing me off. An LLM has different meanings in different countries. Where you live it’s what you need to be a lawyer I think. In the US you go to a law school and take classes there. 

Either way you have to pass a bar exam. And that’s a daunting task for international students. I live and practice in New York and international students fail more often than they pass. A lot more often. 
