Could someone please explain to me what exactly power of attorney is, how to go about obtaining it, and if it's the proper course of action in the situation? If it's not what the proper thing is. I'm asking on behalf of my mom. Sorry if this is long. 

My maternal grandparents (known forward as GPs, GF &amp; GM) are in their 80's. They are farmers and have quite a lot of land and, I think from situations and conversations surrounding money, quite a lot of wealth. I want to start by saying this is not to find out how to get their money. My mother is worried about my GM. 

My GM is not healthy and declining quickly. She's diabetic, she lacks a healthy diet and is stressed by my GP. GP won't lift a finger to help her. He thinks my mom should be out there taking care of them 7 days a week. She does go out there when she can, which is at least 2 times a week, but it's not like they live in a city. They all live on acreages, and not next to each other. My uncle, let's call him AUD, goes out there maybe once a month for a few days but doesn't do anything to help GM. My mom found a company that premakes good meals and freezes them. Her cousin will deliver them to my GPs from the city cousin lives in and my GF refused. My GM has said she'd be happy moving to a senior condo complex that offers assistance. My GF refuses to sell and move. He's not able to run things anymore, has sold off most of their livestock, and rents out most of the land to others to farm. Their house is in disrepair and on track to be an episode of hoarders. It's an old mobile trailer with a few additions that should be torn down. Someone talked him in to replacing all the windows and doors this summer, huge waste of money.

My GPs are very old school in that my GF is 100% in control of their finances. My GM has her name on some of their accounts, but she has no idea of where all their money, investments, etc. are located. She's also not listed on the land title for some of their land, my mom found this out by chance. She pointed it out to my Gf and got him the paperwork to rectify the situation but she doesn't know if he did. My GM received inheritance from her father and opened her own account for it. For some reason the bank called my GF and told him about it. He bullied my GM in to putting the money in both their name and took the money and did whatever he wanted (we don't know). 

AUD is very "crooked". Insurance scams (never reported or charged) , borrowing large sums of money from GPs with no intention of paying it back, theft from family, assault (never charged). Only close family knows about these things and no one will report him. He's been out of work over 2 years yet somehow maintains a small acreage with horses, and lots of extras. We, mom and other members of family, suspect GPs are paying for it all without my GM knowledge. He also gets my GF to invest in "schemes" where they usually end of losing money. 

My mom wants to help my GM and doesn't know how to.  Mom doesn't have the money to pay for help for her. I told her to look in to power of Attorney so she could make the decisions on my GM behalf because GM won't stand up to GF and help herself. Mom is also worried about AUD. As far as we know he doesn't have any legal rights over my GPs estate but he does have GF's ear and siding. No matter the situation my GF think AUD is always in the right.

What should she do?

TLDR; My mom wants to help my grandmother because my grandfather isn't taking proper care of my grandmother. Also my uncle seems to be obtaining as much of their wealth as he can by steering my grandfather's financial decisions. Uncle and Mom do not get along.  You can check the CPLEA website, the Student Legal Services website, and [Oaknet.ca](https://Oaknet.ca) for legal information pamphlets. Thank you. They're in Alberta.  Grandmother has passed some sort of cognitive test to keep her license but is on meds for dementia. She's forgetful and can not take care of herself. I don't think she should be driving or cooking. She forgets how to cook. Should she be signing over POA to my mother now for down the road? She's too uneducated to do anything for herself when it comes to financials. She doesn't understand anything and therefore does nothing.  How this gets treated is going to change a lot depending on the province. Please consider checking your province's or territory's Public Legal Education website ([https://www.justice.gc.ca/eng/fl-df/parent/plei-eij.html](https://www.justice.gc.ca/eng/fl-df/parent/plei-eij.html)) for anything on elder abuse, power of attorney, trusteeship or guardianship. A POA refers to permission granted to a representative appointed by an individual to manage affairs in their interests. Typical POAs are for financial or medical decisions. The grantor of the POA can revoke this permission. 

The rest of this is family drama, not a legal issue. If the grandparents are of sound mind they can do as they please. If they are not you should contact social services/adult protective services. 