 My brother recently broke up with his girlfriend and she is adamant that she is keeping their dog. The pup (a French bulldog) was given to my brother by my father-in-law but the ex claims he is her dog now. What can my brother do to get his dog back? This is in Illinois  What does the customs paperwork say about ownership? Thank you, the dog is a purebred French bulldog. I will tell him to do this right now. He was chipped in Hungary before he came to the US. I’m not sure if the chip info was ever updated. I’ll ask my brother. The dog was chipped in Hungary before he came to the US, not sure if it has been updated. The ex was the one who took the dog to the vet. So, based on your comment, it doesn’t look good for my brother 😔 Was the dog chipped? veterinary technician here. if he registers the dog under his name with the city, and gets the microchip registered to him (www.homeagain.com and www.akcreunite.org are two big ones) then that can be used to prove ownership. if the dog is a purebred, it also would be helpful to register the dog under his name with the AKC, which would have him listed as the official owner under their organization.  Who is the dog chipped to and whose been paying the vet bills? If you have no proof of purchase and she's been doing those things plus has possession of the dog, it looks a lot like the dog is hers. But if it's chipped to him, he's paid the vet bills, and the relative can attest it was a gift to him, then it looks like the dog is his.  I’ll find out if the dog is registered. The ex is the contact at the vet unfortunately. I’m sure my FIL would be willing to go to court to confirm he gave the dog to my brother.  Is the dog licensed/registered? Whose name is on the vet records for shots/vet care? Is your FIL willing to go to court to say he gave ownership to your brother? Any reason to think there’s something (eg vet records) that say the dog belongs to the ex gf? Just have him go pick up the dog.  He is at my brother’s house where she lived with him. He has stayed away from the house to allow her to clear out her belongings. So as of right now, the dog is in her possession.  Who has the dog now?