I've posted this on r/LegalAdviceUK too but just wanted to get it out there as I haven't really experienced anything like this before. I'm from the UK, obviously.

First of all, sorry for the extremely long post, but it seems like something happens every shift just to add to the pile.

This all started about a week and a half ago. For reference, I live in Birmingham, if it matters. A company contacted me regarding a new location they were opening in the city and were hiring staff for. It was a pay cut, but I was promised full time.

After going for an interview I was hired on the spot, and then started work the following Monday, being last Monday. The location was set to open last Thursday. Right from the get go I never signed a full Contract. I signed some form of... I'm not sure of the phrasing that was used, but it was essentially some form of employee terms. It included agreeing to work more than 48 hours a week and stating that they'd take money off me if I failed to return my uniform when I leave. This is where the problems began.

On Monday, I was given my uniform, but not all of it. The provided uniform is a hat, two polo shirts and two aprons but I did not receive the aprons as they had none at the time, but I still haven't received them to this day, despite asking on 2 or 3 occasions.

Now my first week I was scheduled 7 days, but I only found this out on the Wednesday, but my schedule emailed to me did not include Monday-Wednesday and said I wasn't scheduled on those days, so I'm unsure if I'm even going to be paid for them. I'd like to say that the clock in machine has recorded it, but that conveniently stopped working on Day 1, and hasn't been fixed since. They've been asking us to record our own hours and text them to our managers, so although there is a paper trail of it, none of us are actually seeing our hours recorded.

Admittedly, I did take 3 days off last week, I texted my manager each time due to a family issue. I gave around 2 hours notice with each text as that's what they requested.

Last Saturday however, I was scheduled a 9 hour shift. At 7pm I went to leave, and was told to stay. It wasn't a request, my manager simply said "Stay an hour." I have plans at this point, and told him I had to leave, but then was met with "Stay half an hour." Again I refused, telling him I had to go out for food with my girlfriend. He rolled his eyes, reluctantly let me go and told me not to make plans outside of work again, because my contract states that I have to be there if the company needs me. A contract I still haven't seen. He also told me my rota was "Just an estimation."

On Tuesday I was on an 8 hour shift. I only got to take my break an hour before my finish time, and when I was set to finish, I was asked to stay longer. I said no, because I just wanted to go home at that point, and was told that I have to at least wait for someone to be able to cover me. So 5 minutes pass, and my cover comes to relieve me, but then I was told to clean the lobby before I could go, meaning that I didn't leave a whole 30 minutes after I was set to finish.

Fast forward to today, I was on a 7 hour shift. 55 minutes before I finished I was asked if I had my break yet, to which I replied No. I was asked to stay late again, and when I said no I was berated for never staying behind after my shift ends. I asked if I should take my break now, and he said wait for someone to come upstairs to cover whilst I take my break. That cover didn't come, so in my entire 7 hour shift, which I started 15 minutes early and left 15 minutes late due to having to clean the toilets, I didn't receive any break.

So I guess my question in all this is where do I stand? Am I an idiot for not having a signed contract or is this some shady practice I shouldn't be getting mixed up in? They hired 50 people to start, and I swear the number of people fired or walked is double digits already, so I'm wondering if I'm next.

TL;DR: Probably won't get paid, get berated for not selling my soul for the company and was refused a break because I didn't want to stay later. Help. Why would you work for a company like this? Find another job ASAP I'm 21, here in the UK we're entitled to a 20 minute? I think, break for every 6 hours we work. I just didn't really know what to do with the fact that I, and possibly some other people, aren't getting breaks with most shifts and I didn't know if the other factors would play into it. How old are you? Serious question. Because most states dont require employers to give breaks unless youre a minor. I work 10-12hr shifts all the time without a scheduled break. 