 I’m not sure if I’m just tripping but I was with my friend smoking in the woods by my friends house, and there’s this guys house that looks off towards the woods so you can see us walking in and out of the spot.. Anyways today we smoked and after we went to our others friends house which was far away so I left my car by the woods and the back of this snitches house looks at it, so they could see my car just chilling there all day. I came back at night time to pick it up and there was someone that was out back of the house, then they went back inside. I start to drive away on the road going towards the front of the house. I pull around and am passing the front of the snitches house and there’s like 3 girls out front and a truck is on in the driveway. It pulls out and starts to follow me out the neighborhood. It follows me a couple miles, so I call my friend and he tells me to cut off and go on the highway. I turn my blinker on to turn right and get on the highway and this truck is riding my ass (I think trying to get my plate) then as I turn in the turnning right lane he stays straight and does a full U-turn to go back... VERY SKETCHY Someone please help I think he got my license plate... what can someone do if they have ur plate?? I don’t want cops showing up to my front door :( Ok thank you so much.. seeing that truck following me trying to get my license plate had me very scared.. I appreciate it!! Never going back It doesnt really matter if its his property or not, its SUPER trivial for him to call up the police after his neighbor tells him whats going on and saying "Yeah those kids cant be smoking on my property". Additionally I dont think there even needs to be an input from a property owner if the supposed trespassers are entering the property to conduct criminal activity. I think the default response from the property owner would be "no I never authorized anyone to break the law on my land". Its extremely likely the cops wont pursue this if this doesnt happen again. Kids smoke pot and sneak around in woods. Just dont let it happen again. There are good reasons why people might not want you running around on their property while high. They could have traps set out for coyotes, they could have dangerous environmental concerns, etc. There have to be a dozen other areas you can go smoke.  I just don’t want the cops showing up to my house... the guys lives on the corner of a road and the road leads to other houses... we walk down the road and at the end of the road is the entrance to the woods... there’s other houses down the road too so it s a public road and the woods are probably owned but not by that guy... yeah we were trespassing but nowhere near his yard....  It sounds like they got super baked and this joker is still paranoid. I believe he's worried that 'the snitch' might have seen or smelled some smoke signals(perhaps with history). In which case, he can report it to the cops and they can choose to follow up on a possible OWI and possession(though it sounds like he's now home), tuck it in their back pocket in case OP gets pulled over in the future, or nothing at all. The road could potentially be private property with an easement. The woods are DEFINITELY likely to be private property. I agree with OP, stop being stupid. Find a new smoke spot, dont talk to police without a lawyer, and DEFINITELY do not think about some half brained retaliatory action. Cameras have been a thing for a while now... Was it your property? Did the owner invite you? If not, you were trespassing. It wasn’t on his property there’s a road and probably 1000ft it leads to the woods that we go into... the trail is all cut grass and everything so it’s not necessarily trespassing..?? Stop being an idiot and doing illegal shit on other people's property. He can call the cops and say you were trespassing. You should not talk to the police without your attorney present.