Background: 
Me and SO have been living together and dating for over a year and we recently had a child together.  

On paper he is married to another woman, but has multiple times tried to escape to which his wife denies his requests for divorce and refused to believe he was depressed.  He moved out to start dating me after failed times to tell his wide he did not love her.  

In my first trimester when SO was filing divorce papers, he cheated on me with her.  I was heartbroken.  Possibly due to mood swings and lack of communication he felt I didn’t love him and took out his frustrations physically with her.  She claimed to be pregnant soon after me and I chose not to believe it, since she had shown a pattern of manipulation and narcissism.  She just delivered a month after the birth of my baby.  

I’m afraid she will use this to prevent the divorce from going through even though all the documents have been signed.  SO doesn’t want anything to do with the child or her and says me and my child are his only family because we planned to make a family together.  However I know that legally he will have to responsible and  I have sympathy for the child and would like him to have partial custody of it is his blood.  The problem is, she is passive aggressive (has contacted my mom multiple times, fractured SO’s ribs, threw a fit when he blocked her on instagram) He agrees that any contact with her will include me but he would rather not speak to her at all.  How can I find out the status of divorce (since he hates dealing with her) and will we be able to have partial custody without ever having to see/deal with her? She makes a lot more money than us but I would argue we can offset a much more loving and emotionally stable environment.  We are tight on money but have loving parents who are on our side and support our relationship.  Please help.  

 &gt;On paper he is married to another woman, but has multiple times tried to escape to which his wife denies his requests for divorce

Are you in North America? If yes he does not need her permission for a divorce. 

&gt;She just delivered a month after the birth of my baby.

I am sure you've figured this out but that would generally mean that her conception also happened a month after yours. 

If he wants a divorce he can hire a lawyer and get ine without ever dealing with her. If he doesn't care to get a divorce that's a relationship issue, not a legal one. 

 &gt;and will we be able to have partial custody without ever having to see/deal with her?

Get the "we" out of your mind. You are legally nothing to that child. He might be the father and if he is then maybe he can get visitation/partial custody but it will include dealing with the mother. 

And for the love of god talk to your SO about the divorce if he refuses to even do that then please take a cold hard look at him as if you where an outsider (you might find out a lot more because to me there seem to be more then one manipulative people in this story).

edit: and check the court records if he doesn't want to say anything. Your boyfriend sounds like a reach catch first of all.  Your post is not exactly clear what you want. Despite how you all may choose to look at it, you had a baby with a man married to another woman who is about to have a baby with his wife.  What happens between him and his wife and their child and them maybe getting a divorce is not any of your business. You're a legal stranger to the entire situation.. The other party cannot "deny" a divorce.  Can you imagine how ass-backwards that would be if one party could simply say 'no' and then the divorce is stopped?  What would victims of domestic abuse do?  Come now, that's silly.

Your SO's divorce *lawyer* will know the status of the divorce.  Ask them.  If he doesn't have one, and the wife is "refusing" divorce, then he absolutely needs on. Location is very important. 

Assuming somewhere in the US, she can't stop the divorce just because she had a baby. That said,.boyfriend is likely the presumed father because they are married. He needs to get a DNA test done before moving forward or agreeing to anything at all. 

You can call the county court house and ask about the divorce. Divorces are public record. 

Edit to add that he really needs a lawyer. This is especially true if it turns out the baby isn't his. 