This is Colorado btw

I still live with her and she’s claiming my CD account which contains my life savings and is in my name is hers. Ten years ago she’s been depositing checks from my work for me, but the account is still in my name. Now she’s claiming that she has no recollection of making those deposits and, therefore, that money is all hers.

This has been a part of a decades-long process of abuse including emotional and financial abuse and gaslighting. I’m sick and tired of it and this last incident is the last straw. I’m wondering what kind of legal action I can take against her to remove her from my life permanently including having her ruled mentally unfit, bring criminal or civil charges against her, get her citizenship revoked (she’s a foreign national) or just file a restraining order against her. Thanks Keep those recordings. You can also record phone/non-phone conversations as well. We don't talk/communicate much beyond in-person (I still live with her) but I've recorded some of her more...livelier moments on my phone. Then the answer is gonna be a simple "No. It's my money." beyond that I don't think there's a case for anything else here, DEFINITELY not for revoking of citizenship. Beyond that, i'd suggest blocking her on any communications and screenshotting all communications and putting copies in google docs and printing them out, while recording any phone calls (Don't tell her your recording obviously.) and keeping those audio files. Make sure to keep copies of any bank transactions regarding this as well, making copies, scanning copies into a google doc and all that, just in case she makes an attempt at suing, though I doubt a lawyer would take the case or that it'd go to court.  No, the account is strictly in my name. Well I need to ask is she in any way part of the account? Like, is her name in it, is a joint account...? Yeah I understand, absolutely thank you for the advice though. [removed] Given you dont mention physical abuse and you are still living with your mom in your 30s, it's highly unlikely you have recourse against her other than using those funds to move out and start your own life.  Not that I don't believe she may be emotionally abusive but there really isn't a system in the US that holds people accountable for this type of abuse alone.  Best you can do is remove yourself. Good advice except I don’t know how to stop her being verbally abusive about it. I still live with her.

Still, I really do appreciate your advice. If her name is nowhere on it, you say "No." and then hangup and drop the matter.  Or leave, or whatever you have to do to end the conversation.

If she doesnt remember making the deposits then I guess they are all yours and you must have deposited them. Just to add to this, if her name isn’t on the account there is no way OP’s mom can stop OP from using it. She might sue OP to try and establish some sort of an equitable interest, but the burden is going to be on OP’s mom. Simply “not remembering” how the money got into the account isn’t going to cut it for OP’s mom. The money is in OP’s name, absent evidence that this wasn’t the intention of the parties, which is again on OP’s mom to produce, its OP’s money. If her name is not on the account then she should have no access to the money.  Use the money to move out and begin a life of your own. This is Colorado I updated the body of the post. It’s just in my name. I’m in my 30s but I’m completely financially dependent on her and all of my money is tied up in this dispute so I simply can’t afford to immediately leave. This is Colorado then Laws vary wildly between states, so it’s generally required info. In this specific case however the more important information is how old are you and are both names on the accounts? you wont get any advice if you dont at least provide your state.  Update the body of the post with that information.  I don’t know how to do that on mobile I don’t feel comfortable with giving that out right now and these bots are getting intrusive.