Recently I was rear ended and the car that hit me was then rear ended also causing two different impacts to me. The third car fled the scene and now insurance of the car that hit me is saying they are only 50% responsible for the damage to my vehicle because it was pushed into me a second time by the third car. Is there anyway to fight this or get his insurance to cover the full amount? I am trying to avoid my deductible and possibly rate hike. My insurance has told me that I can process it through them and they will arbitrate but if arbitration finds 50% liable I will only get 50% of my deductible reimbursed.  You would sue the driver, or potentially the driver and the owner together. In either case, the car owner's insurance should cover any judgment, but the actual driver is the one that damaged your car and thus owes you.

But keep in mind that if you go this route, you'll have to deal with lots of paperwork, and you may wind up going up against insurance company lawyers by yourself, and even if you win it's going to take a long time to go through. And there's always the risk that you lose. It's up to you if it's worth it just to save half your deductible and get some revenge on them for lying, but keep in mind that they almost certainly *are* facing higher insurance rates *and* since it wasn't their car it could be a while before anyone lets them drive a car again. The drive did not have a license nor own the car he was driving. The owner luckily did have insurance on the car. Would I go after the driver still or the owner for a lawsuit?
I know it could be worse, but at the start of the process the driver tried to say I pulled in front of him (I was already at a complete stop with no one around when he hit) so I don’t feel it’s right after he tries to lie about the facts that his insurance gets off when 50% You can sue the second driver personally and hope for the best, but if you don't want to do that, then no, you'll have to take what the insurers are offering you.

And it's not like their deal is totally unfair - they have a point that the third driver might have caused additional damage, and it's not fair to make the second car pay for 100% of that just because they stayed behind while the third car did a hit and run.

File through your own insurance. You're likely to get at least half your deductible back, and your rates will likely not go up much (if at all) for an accident that was clearly not your fault.