Title explains the surface of the iceberg. There are a lot of issues going on that feel really deceptive, and I just need help knowing how to deal with all of it.

Let's start. 

My employer, a small business owner, realized after about a month or 2 of hiring me that I needed to be a W2 employee, not an independent contractor. I've been an independent contractor before, and hated being kicked in the butt with taxes during tax filing season. I want to be a W2 employee, but it doesn't seem like he's moving forward with anything yet? He told me a month ago that he would make me a W2 employee ASAP, told me that I needed to follow W2 rules and take a 30 minute lunch break, and that he would start paying me overtime. Great. Stoked. 

He still hasn't "done" everything? I don't even know what he needs to do! He kept saying over and over that he "just needed to fill out a W9" but he hasn't been able to get around to it. So, today, I printed off a W9 form for him to fill out, and he said "Oh, no, you need to fill that out." And we bickered about it for a minute before he said his paperwork needs to be done with ADP "sometime in January". Excuse me?! I thought I was a W2 employee already! But he certainly isn't withholding any taxes on my behalf, which is the best part about being a W2 employee. 

Then, yesterday, he told me he had shaved off 5 minutes of a 6 hour shift I had the other day because I would have needed to take a 30 minute break had it gone over 6 hours. I pointed out that I didn't know that, that I thought the requirement was 8 hours, and that I had already worked 7 1/2 hours without a lunch break that day. He told me that he would edit my hours so 30 minutes was erased so it could look like I took a lunch break.

Here's the thing. I don't do anything at this job. I'm technically the office manager, but he hardly takes clients, so I mostly just sit on reddit, instagram, netflix, etc. to pass the time. I know his logic is, "Well, she's already on break all the time so what does she need an official lunch break for?" But when I do get 30 minutes of time off, I might actually get food! I go out! I take a nap! I do something that I want to do instead of sit in this uncomfortable chair for 30 extra minutes a day. It is honestly not my fault that he doesn't give me anything else to do. I tell him that I want to schedule his appointments, and he tells me that it's too expensive to buy a scheduling app, so he'll just do it himself. I *wish* I could be more helpful at this job, but he doesn't allow me to be.

Thank you to anyone who is reading this. Please help me figure out if I should confront him about tampering with my hours, or tell him that I need him to fill out something so my taxes can start being withheld. Thank you!! This is straightforward wage theft. You are not being paid for time worked, your  timesheets are being changed. You should find a new job, then submit a claim with the CA DOL.  A) When you file your taxes, report your income on a form 8919. That’s the “I’m actually an employee but my employer isn’t withholding” form. 
 
B) File a wage complaint for the “erased” time. Your employer is making you responsible for your uninterrupted breaks. But you need to get paid for time worked regardless of whether you took a real break. Always take and document a break. 