So I live in NYC (Brooklyn) and decided to try to work for Uber and Lyft. To do so you need to get an commercial insurance for your car. Went to a broker a block away from my house, paid for insurance, and I was told I need to make a deposit for 3 more months (which was 1.235$) long story short, I cancelled my policy with them, got regular insurance back and asked for my deposit back. They said it's gonna take about month-month and a half to get that check. I was okay with that. Came back after month and a half and since then they've been feeding me the same story, we got your check but the manager isn't here, come back next week. And I've been coming back for almost two months now and nothing. I was very polite all the time, tried to understand, never argued with them. Next week it is. But today I've had enough. They just walk away from me saying "I have nothing else to say to you, come back next week". Just like that. They just freaking walk away to their desk. I'm tired. It's a holiday season, I can totally use my 1.235 bucks now. So my question is, do I go to court or the police? Like what do I even say since they don't actually say they won't give it to me, they say they have my check but always for some reason can not give it to me today, just come back another day. Im just afraid if I go to the police they'll just say - "see? they'll give it to you, just wait" I have a receipt for that deposit. Or maybe call my bank who I made a deposit through? I doubt they can do anything. So any advice would be really really helpful. Thanks in advance! Thanks for the advice!!! I think that's exactly what Im gonna do tomorrow if they will tell me the same thing again. Thank you!
 File a complaint with the Insurance Division of the New York Department of Financial Services. They regulate insurance providers and have the ability to bring the hammer down. https://www.dfs.ny.gov/insurance/

 The police will consider this a civil manner.  You can take the to small claims for the money.