Hey r/legaladvice, I was hoping some of you could give me advice about what action I should take regarding a situation I’ve been put in.


To start off with some background info, I received an email this morning from someone and in the email they give a password that I use. However, I have multiple passwords that I use and the one they provided is not the main password that I use for my banking, email, Facebook, Amazon, etc. They did not say if they knew my other passwords and they did not acknowledge that I have multiple passwords.


Now, in the email they said that I visited an 18+ site that infected my device with a remote access desktop virus and a keylogger. They claim to have gotten all my contacts from my Facebook, messenger, and email. It should be noted that the password they gave was not the same password that I use for that email. Also, I deactivated Facebook almost a year ago and my laptop hasn’t been turned on since about the same time.


Now, this person claims that they have a video of me squeezing my hog and are threatening to send it to all my contacts unless I pay them $2000 in bitcoin in the next 48 hours.


I don’t think this is real because my Facebook has been deactivated for almost a year, I haven’t used my laptop in almost a year, and the password they gave is not the same as my email password. I’ll admit that I’ve visited 18+ video sites on my phone but only the 3 common ones and have never downloaded anything.


Is there a chance this is real and, if so, what sort of action should I take? Unfortunately I have to go to work, but I will try to respond when I can. [removed] Yeah, I didn’t reply at all. First time I’ve gotten an email like that and because it gave an actual password I use I was a little bit spooked. I got the exact same message except the person wanted $2000 USD and was going to send the video to 5 of my friends. Like bruh, if I had that much money I would put it towards my student loans and still not have that much money.


Thank you so much for your reply though. Knowing it’s the exact same puts me at ease. Luckily, it was one of my less used passwords. Only ever used it if I forgot my password and needed to change it. I figured it was a scam but this is the first time something like this has happened to me so I was a little spooked. Thank you for the quick reply. I will definitely be picking new passwords and setting two-factor authentication on whatever I can. They are just annoying scams. Our corporate email accounts receive those regularly so we block the domain. Don't reply because it will validate they reached a good email address.  I visited porn sites however it is just educational research  [deleted] That said, you should check your Facebook because they're pretty skeevy about deleting data. In theory what you're being told is completely possible and isn't really that complicated in the scheme of things you can do with a computer. However, it's been awhile, but I'm fairly certain that the default security settings on most systems require user input to download anything from the internet (that's not saying they didn't use some other exploit, but...).
I'd go to the police just to cover your bases This is a very common scam. It is not real and you can ignore it. The password is from a website that has its password database leaked. If you still use that password, you should change it immediately. [deleted] Known scam, delete and ignore 

Delete the email and make sure you've got two factor authentication on your accounts that let you.

