 As the title mentioned above, I was changing my Sim to get ready for international travel. In the meantime, as they were servicing it, my Facebook sent out an invite to all of my friends to like their local store. They did the same thing with my mom's phone as well with her Facebook. I'm afraid that they might have done other things with this invasion of my privacy. To say I'm upset is an understatement. Is there anything I can do to report this? The BBB is frequently described on here as Yelp for old people. This would be 100% accurate, but the BBB doesn't extort small businesses. Anyway, there wouldn't be any harm in contacting them, but it's not going to get you any results either. On the T-Mobile Reddit page, in the [wiki](), the have the email contact for John Legere, the CEO of T-Mobile. If you send an eMail to that address, you will get a response (and the store will as well, although they may not be happy about it). Make sure you specify which store it was and the location. Do you know if it was a corporate store? Or a third party licensed reseller? Didn't think of that, I'll make sure to do that as well. Thank you! It probably wouldn’t hurt to contact the Better Business Bureau as well. Thank you, I decided that I will confront them about it so that they don't do this to other customers. Your post has been removed for the following reason(s): Generally Unhelpful, Simplistic, Anecdotal, or Off-Topic Your comment has been removed as it is generally unhelpful, simplistic to the point of useless, anecdotal, or off-topic. It either does not answer the legal question at hand, is a repeat of an answer already provided, or is so lacking in nuance as to be unhelpful. Please review the following rules before commenting further: [Commenting Rules 1](), [2](), [3](), [4](), [6](), [8](), and [9](). Please [read our subreddit rules](). If after doing so, you believe this was in error, or you’ve edited your post to comply with the rules, [message the moderators](=%2Fr%2FLegalAdvice). Do not reach out to a moderator personally, and do not reply to this message as a comment. There’s not much of a choice. It’s basically only Bell or Rogers as options since the smaller providers (also owned by them) don’t get a decent signal where I live. You are still with Roger? How do you stand the call center they hired. The douchbaggery is astrounding. I’m Canadian, I don’t think we even have T-Mobile, but I just went down the rabbit hole of u/JonFreier ‘s comment history and I 100% would break my contract with Rogers to go with them based on how much he cares about not only his customers, but his employees as well. Très impressionnèe In addition to reporting them to T-Mobile corporate, send out another invite for your friends to unlike the local store along with the story about what happened. Keep the story factual. u/JonFreier would probably like to hear about this. He is the EVP of Consumer Markets at T-Mobile and an active Redditor. Your post has been removed for the following reason(s): Generally Unhelpful, Simplistic, Anecdotal, or Off-Topic Your comment has been removed as it is generally unhelpful, simplistic to the point of useless, anecdotal, or off-topic. It either does not answer the legal question at hand, is a repeat of an answer already provided, or is so lacking in nuance as to be unhelpful. Please review the following rules before commenting further: [Commenting Rules 1](), [2](), [3](), [4](), [6](), [8](), and [9](). Please [read our subreddit rules](). If after doing so, you believe this was in error, or you’ve edited your post to comply with the rules, [message the moderators](=%2Fr%2FLegalAdvice). Do not reach out to a moderator personally, and do not reply to this message as a comment. Exceeding authorized usage is definitely grounds for laying charges, but whether or not that is likely to happen is another story. However, don't forget that this is additionally a CFAA violation due to the Facebook usage, similar to the ToS violation in the Aaron Swartz case. Taking your phone for service is akin to taking your car to a dealership for service. Yes, you are providing them permission to access the car for maintenance - but not for drag racing or running an Uber service. The permission granted is to the extent of the service and service procedures required. Same rules apply to any consumer product - and for the phone, there is no approved maintenance service that requires the service person to go through the client's FB and inviting all the client's friends to like their particular store. That is just beyond common sense. Get a lawyer if you can. Guy I knew went through some chicks old phone, added himself through her IG. When she logs on her new phone she sees the activity from her old phone. Dude I got fired and she got like $15K. Tmo does not want the smoke. Ianal, so I may be wrong here, but wouldn’t it still be an offense because they exceeded the authorized level of access to the device by accessing device functions not necessary for the servicing of the device? The law defines as a criminal offense “whoever intentionally accesses a computer without authorization or exceeds authorized access, and thereby obtains information from any protected computer”. Phones, especially their communicative functions such as social networking, are considered protected computers. And by accessing Facebook, they obtained information in the form of OP’s friends list which was then used for marketing purposes without authorization. Then again, I’m just a reader and don’t know how well that argument would hold up. In this case, although they did not have authorization to access the customer's Facebook app, they did have authorization to access the device itself, and unfortunately that introduces some murkiness into whether it could result in a conviction under CFAA or similar. Personally, I think it SHOULD be treated as criminal access, but the courts may not. the line is way more blurred due to the fact that she gave them the phone. I'm not saying that it's right. But she gave consent for them to do work on her phone and she didn't establish any kind of scope of the work. CFAA violations can be tried as a hybrid crime depending on the circumstances, if this even does qualify, I would be shocked if it was a felony. That's actually (likely) to be a serious crime. Unauthorized access (essentially hacking) is generally a felony. It's rarely prosecuted as such, but it can be. You can complain to the store, you could call the police, or you could get a lawyer. It all depends on what you're attempting to do. I needed to unlock my phone for international travel. Will look into the online option in the future! added clarification Thank you, will try that! Wait why were you changing your sim for international travel? I just changed my plan online while I was traveling over the past two years.... You can report it to T-mobile