Hey all -- posting for a friend who is not an avid redditor... Said friend is a salesperson that is paid hourly, however any hours that he clocks are repaid from his commissions. Technically, he receives $11.00 hourly, and then a percentage of the total sales he makes as a commission. Any hourly pay that he receives is then deducted from his future commissions. Hourly pay continues to stack up until commissions pay it back, at which point he is paid any balance. For example, if he had no sales over a two month period, but had a ton of sales on the third month, all of that hourly pay would be recovered from commissions that were earned in month three, and then he would be paid the difference. His vacation time works the exact same way -- if he goes on vacation for 5 days, he can clock those hours as vacation hours, but he will be required to pay any clocked vacation hours back from his commission. 

&amp;#x200B;

Said friend's company was recently bought out, and as part of the buy out, the old company is required to pay out the vacation hours that were not used. Per the buy out, all employees of the original company were fired. 99% of the new employees were offered positions with the new company. The new company is now saying that the vacation hours paid out by the original company will be recovered from commission on the first commission check. Is this legal? Because he was technically terminated from company one, and then offered a position with company two, I don't see how it could be.  Yeah I used to work for one of those.  in my department, they overworked the fuck out of everyone and there was a culture of bleeding company colors and working all hours of the day.  It gave me an anxiety disorder working there, after several successive 100hr weeks and a culture of being understaffed and expected to be perfect.  Work life balance was non existent, and you were usually on call 24x7x365.   I nearly had to miss the birth of my child or face possible loss of my job.   And yet if you look this company up you'll see glowing reviews.   I suspect other depts are better.  Or for some the shine isn't off the penny.  Anyway point is big prominent companies can and do treat their employees like shit sometimes.  Especially if you are bought out and a red headed stepchild in their eyes The company is a Fortune 500 company, with very positive reviews overall from their current employees.  It said that vacation hours are recoverable draw... meaning they would be paid back from future commissions... There area that I am struggling with though is that the vacation hours were paid out by the old company. The new company does not issue any vacation hours at all, and therefore, I am not sure how they could legally recover those paid vacation hours.  What did the old company's handbook say about vacation payout on termination?  IANAL   I'm going to go out on a limb and say your friend should maybe put his resume out there for a place that treats their employees better.  Whether this is legal or not, the handling of employees from the bought out company does not bode well.