fore warning: ftp, mobile

Last year, I bought a car off a decent, otherwise reputable, private car lot. I left a large down payment and paid off the rest within six months. I make my last payment in person and cash, then take the vehicle for an inspection on the same day. I’m told 30 days and I’ll be sent my plates and title.

September passes and the owner still hasn’t gotten me the title. We, my husband, mother, and I, each take a turn trying to reason with the owner and figure out why it’s taking so long. After a week of the three of us calling or texting everyday, some days he would just send to vm or leave text messages as ‘delivered,’ he finally tells us he is “sending the paperwork out.” 

October is done and over with and I still haven’t received anything. I consult the honorable judge google who tells me what he’s doing is illegal, etc etc. I now know what to use to light a hypothetical fire under him. It sort of works.

Mid November, I finally get him to bring me license plates and he has assured me the title will be coming soon. A few days later I receive a letter stating the application for the title has been rejected because the release of lean from CitiFinancial Auto is missing. Welp. 

Here I am, a full year later. 

I gave him until my state inspection sticker expired, this past August, to “fix” the discrepancy. I have no idea what goes into finding a release of lean from a company that no longer exists. I’ve contacted him twice monthly, in the meantime, to remind him that he owes me what’s legally mine.

Since August, I’ve been meeting him monthly at the closest car title office between us for a 30 day temporary tag. On his dime, ofc.

But I’m TIRED. I’m tired of his face and not being able to delete the ss of my bank statements from when I made payments or paid for repairs on my car (I’m keeping track, in the event he cannot get the title and I need to ask for my money back, which is something I absolutely do not want to do, but am prepared for.) 

I’m tired of not having proof that what I paid for is, indeed, mine. 

What’s my next step here? Crawl in a corner and cry? 

TIA ❤️ Reputable? This is the very definition of disreputable. Wake up, file suit. Thanks!  I didn't even realize it was my cake day.

Anyway, small claims court is designed to be accessible without a lawyer, and usually they don't even allow lawyers.  I've never done it myself but I'm sure if you find your local court they will have a website with instructions.  You probably fill out a form, they give you a date, and they (or maybe you) will send a notice to the other person.  Then show up, follow the rules, speak when the judge tells you to, be calm, have your facts in order, and see what happens. You’re most welcome. If you really love the car and depending on the amount already paid, it could be worth it to consult an attorney.  Thank you. I unfortunately only have “fuuuuuck” for a response because that’s pretty much what I was afraid of and now I’m just lost. Thanks again tho  Happy cake day. 

But also fuck. I have most everything down in writing already I just didn’t/don’t know how to file a lawsuit. Is it easy...ish? by any chance? Actually, the car is not in fact “yours” since the dealer had no right to sell a car with a lien on the title. Sorry. I would consult an attorney ASAP. Next time, buy a car from a reputable dealer and have them provide you with proof of a clean title, like Carfax. Good luck, but I wouldn’t count on getting your money back.  He sold you a car he did not legally own.  File a lawsuit in small claims court for the sale price of the car.  If by some miracle he does have the ability to get you a title, this might help motivate him to get it done.  Collect all your documents related to the sale and write down everything that's happened with as many dates, names, and places as you can remember.