Hi everyone, and thanks in advance for opening this post.


I recently got T-boned by another driver at a 4-way stop when I  had both right of way and clear command of the crossing. I don't want to get too deep into the details but neither of us were injured. 


The car I was driving belonged to my girlfriend; I was doing a one-time errand to drop it off for her at her university because she needed it for her job.


Unfortunately, both the school police and local police refused to send in an officer to file a report because neither of us were hurt. The dispatchers told me to just figure it out with our insurance providers.


Afterwards, I contacted both my girlfriend's provider (State Farm) and the other driver's provider (Allstate). I gave both the same recorded statements and sent State Farm all the photographs I had taken of the scene to support my claim. 


A week after this, State Farm found my liability to be 0% but Allstate determined it to be 50% and only offered to pay 50% of the damages. But, as it turns out, State Farm did not forward any of the photos I sent them to Allstate, so Allstate's determination was only based off of a comparison of the recorded statements. After learning this, I swiftly sent the Allstate claim adjuster all the photographs myself and am now waiting for their re-evaluation.


Fortunately, my girlfriend's car was very old and not worth very much, and she has been able to obtain another work car from her family. However, we would like to be compensated for 100% of the damages, which I think is fair. Unfortunately, State Farm told us that they would not dispute Allstate's 50-50 verdict on our behalf (because my girlfriend's policy does not have collision coverage) and recommended we seek out a lawyer for further assistance.


What I wanted to know is: 

- What is the best course of action if Allstate still does not budge?

- If there is no monetary payout from either party, will this go on my girlfriend's or my accident record? If so, which liability determination will be written down (ie "at fault" vs "not at fault")? We are concerned if this will affect our future rates.

- Is it worth reaching out to a lawyer if the car was worth less than ~$5k? 


Thank you so much for all your help. Thanks for being brief and laying out your questions clearly.

&gt; What is the best course of action if Allstate still does not budge?

You can't compel them to assist, so their advice of seeking legal counsel is sound. You can also sue the other driver in small claim's court, which may be your best option at this point.

&gt; If there is no monetary payout from either party, will this go on my girlfriend's or my accident record? If so, which liability determination will be written down (ie "at fault" vs "not at fault")? We are concerned if this will affect our future rates.

I can't speak to how all insurers will treat this or what the industry standard is, but I've discussed this topic at length with my own insurer in the past, who has said that only a payout by them will affect my rates. If they do not make a payout then there will be no change in rates.

&gt; Is it worth reaching out to a lawyer if the car was worth less than ~$5k?

It's always worth reaching out to a lawyer. Often they'll take a few minutes to chat with you and give you some helpful advice, even if they won't take on the case themselves. You lose nothing and can potentially gain from the encounter. If the other driver’s insurance does not accept full liability your (your girlfriend’s) remedy, without collision coverage, is to sue for your losses. 

In litigation you would need to establish their share of liability to a preponderance of the evidence. 

Only she can decide if that is worth the effort. 