The base of everything is my grandfather passed away last March and recently his daughters have been reaching out to me and my mother to sign some documents. To start off, he is not my biological grandfather but grandfather through marriage to my grandmother and thus my mother's step father. We were close with him for a very long time until my grandmother passed away about 9 years ago. Over the next couple years, he decided to move out of state back to where his biological daughters lived. When my grandmother died, he drafted a will that stated that all his assets were to be distributed to his grand-kids evenly when he passed. 

Fast forward a few years. His two biological daughters never really got along with my mother and my aunts. I feel like they resented them because of how much time they got with my grandfather. Over the last five years I served in the US military so my communication with my grandfather was dwindled to a couple times a year while my mother called and talked to him every few months. His memory started to go and he was put into an assisted living center (memory care). From my understanding he was not aware that he was in memory care. 

Last March he passed away and daughter "A" called me to tell me. She explained it was his wish that they get in contact with me and let me know what happened. It was a very rough moment because I was a lot was going on at the time between getting ready to separate from the military, move to a different state, and find out my grandfather had passed. NEVER at any point did I ask for money or anything at all, just that if there were any pictures or memories they would be willing to part with so I could continue to have part of him with me. They said they had some photos and mailed them to me. In the letter they also include part of his ashes and a check for $5000 out of daughter "B"s personal account (I feel this detail is important as it was not from any kind of estate or asset of my grandfathers). 

Fast forward to this week. Apparently there is an estate in my grandfather's  name with no beneficiary. Daughter "A" reaches out to my mother and asks her to sign some documents, on my sister's behalf, that states that it was my grandfather's last will that daughter "A" and daughter "B" get all of his assets split 50/50 in which they will write a check to my mother for the same amount that I received and his ashes. They are reaching out to my mother because my sister is only 13 and not of legal age to sign any kind of documents. The day after they also called me and asked me to do the same. I feel like something is fishy. I feel there is a will or document that states that my grandfather's last will was that his assets be distributed to all his grand kids just as I mentioned before from after my grandmother passed. I feel that his daughters are trying to claim his assets for themselves because, in their own words, "they deserve it". They complain that the last few years were terrible because they had to take care of him with no help when they never even reached out to ask for any. They never told us that he was in memory care so we never knew. Money is the least important thing to me when it comes to my grandfather. But the idea that they are trying to pull some mischievous plan. If my grandfather's last will was that daughter "A" and daughter "B" were to split his assets 50/50, then they would have no legal obligation to reach out to myself or my sister. My question is do they have any kind of authority to affect his last will and testimate? I'm going to get the document reviewed by a lawyer once I receive it but I feel it is important that, if there is a will, I should be able to see it before me or my mother sign anything at all. When I've asked them about a will they 1.) Said there was no will back in March 2.) Said there was a will a few days ago and said that it claimed that his assets were to be split 50/50 between daughter "A" and daughter "B". I feel this is bull shit cause again if that was the case they wouldn't need me or my mother to sign anything at all. I just need to know if they have any right to do what they are doing or if me and my mother are able to fight this until we see an actual legal document written by my grandfather. She knows the city so last resort we will call attorneys in the city to track down the info. I also found the court estate hearings for him but no documents. I'm sure I'd probably have to call and request it. If she can't remember and no probate has been filed, then check with the court administrator in any county he lived in: it is possible that he or his attorney deposited a copy of the will with them for safekeeping. If that doesn't work either, then contact a probate attorney in the area and ask for assistance. In many parts of the country, the bar association has back channels to ask other attorneys in the area to check their files for a missing will. I'd have to ask my mother she's the one who dealt with the lawyer at the time. If the lawyer was asking for your SSN, yes, it sounds like you are specifically named. Do you remember which lawyer? S/he may have a copy of the will in their files.  Hopefully it helps, a lawyer specifically requested my SSN after my grandmother passed when they were drafting his will. But no my mother was never legally adopted. In addition to reviewing the documents with an attorney, check with the courts in Minneapolis (or wherever he resided) and find out whether his will has been filed for probate. If it has, you can get a copy directly from the court. 

Was your mother ever legally adopted by him? If she wasn't, then you aren't legally a grandchild (no matter your actual in-person relationship), so a will leaving everything to "my grandkids" doesn't help you. (A will that specifically named you and your sister, however, does, and if your mother was adopted, then as far as the law is concerned she is an equal heir to the biological daughters in the absence of a will.) Don't sign anything without a lawyer. Get a lawyer.