 TLDR: Our landlord gave us five days to pack and move out (temporarily), so that our unit could be remodeled. For 3+ weeks, we were unable to live there because of the construction, and she refuses to credit our rent for this time. I posted about this issue about a month back, when we first received the news of the remodel. Here is my original post: [\_landlord\_is\_remodeling\_our\_apartment\_we\_cant/]() The gist is that we were told about a week before Christmas that our unit, and only our unit, had been chosen to be the 'guinea pig' for our property's remodel. Myself, and a few of my roommates, didn't have time to make other arrangements and it ended up being a huge inconvenience. Personally, I had to commute 60 miles each way from my parents' home to my work everyday, rather than living at my apartment (which was a 10 min walk from work). I emailed our property manager before the remodel and during the early phases of construction, telling her that we would like to be credited for the time that we wouldn't be able to live there. She responded by saying she never explicitly told us not to live there, which is true, and that it was my choice to commute. After telling her that we were still concerned with the inconvenience of it all, she insisted that we wait until the remodel was complete to discuss it more. I consistently stopped in at my apartment to check on it throughout the process, and took plenty of pictures. We have photographic evidence of the following things: For at least 3 weeks, the kitchen was completely gutted There was at least one full day where neither of our bathrooms were functional, and 3 days where we had no working showers The first floor had no flooring down for a full week For the entire construction period, all of our bedrooms were filled with equipment/our belongings to the point where there was not an open space for us to sleep We have been emailing with our property manager for the last few weeks and she has not been taking our concerns seriously. We also reached out to our Tenant Resource Center two weeks ago but haven't heard back. We asked for 70% rent compensation since we paid for utilities and rent for a month that we were not in our apartment it was not fully functional. Our manager has been insistent that they don't owe us any money, and has offered us a total of 25% of our rent back. After talking to a few friends we were pointed to [Wisconsin Legislature 704.07](). We sent this information to her, as well as the pictures that I took of our unit, asking for full rent compensation. She completely ignored the majority of my email, and simply sent back that she could not offer any further credit. I reached out to a local regional manager at the company (we weren't sure who else to contact) and simply left a message saying we felt we weren't being listened to, and asking if there was someone else we could contact about this issue. He has not called back, and we are extremely frustrated. Do we have a case to go to small claims court and ask for full rent compensation? If we do, could we ask possibly ask for more to cover the inconveniences of moving and researching/the communication difficulties? Or are we out of our rights, and should we just take the 25% that she offered? Sorry for another long post, I didn't want to leave out anything that might be important. Any help that can be provided would be greatly appreciated, thanks in advance. (We are 5 college students with a year long lease at a place in Wisconsin)  I thought the same thing. The utilities were not the bulk of the expense, but it still doesn't seem right that we had to pay for a significant amount of heat and electricity that we obviously did not use. Thank for the input! I think you stated you are responsible for paying the utilities. During the time the remodel was happening all the utilities were used by the contractor (heat, electric, water). I wouldn’t think that you would be responsible for providing the utilities for a remodel that you didn’t choose to do (as you would in your home you own). IANAL and I don’t know if this is an expense that the owner should be paying for or not.  I’m no attorney by any means but law isn’t as complicated as it seems. If you did nothing wrong on your end then it’s prbly in your favor. However it’s vastly diff depending on where your at I assume,... guessing you may live in a state that favors the leaser more than the tenant. Landlords may get more ballsy in these situations. This I have had experience with. Thanks for the input! I've talked to a couple different people, and we were pretty confident that we're in the right but wanted to be sure. We were originally hoping that court wouldn't be necessary, but at this point we are more than willing to take it to small claims if we need to. Your in the right. Unfortunately you may have to go to court to do anything about it. 