I worked at a Residential Treatment program(Yes, I should have known better) for teenagers with autism. I noticed a few weeks prior to this incident that one kid had a tendency to try to keep things that could be used as weapons, sticks, rocks etc. I'd take them away and wrote that in the daily notes. One day that kid broke some rules so I told him he was in trouble. He got mad at me, broke a glass bottle and pointed it at me looking staring intently at my stomach. Myself and the other staff in the room with me calmed him down and told him he wouldn't be in trouble till we could talk to his therapist so they could decide what to do. He told me a little later that it was a good thing I backed down or he would have stabbed me. Needless to say I felt extremely threatened in the midst of that situation and did what I thought would result in no one getting hurt, and no one did.   


After things had calmed down a bit I got the bottle away from him and called up his therapist. I was pretty shook up and told them I didn't feel safe being the one to get him in trouble for threatening me and didn't trust any of the other staff present with it either. He called my supervisor who came in and told him his consequences etc. In de-briefing with my supervisor I was obviously very shook up emotionally and was expecting some support. He gave some lip service to that but also gave me the impression that I'd done something wrong somehow. I didn't read too much into it at the time but told him I didn't want to work with that kid anymore and would like to move to a sideways/down a bit position at another residence.   


I left for a weeks vacation after that and when I returned I talked to the supervisor over the other residence. He told me he had heard from other people(obviously the other supervisor) that I couldn't be trusted and was too soft on the kids. I told him about the situation the week before and asked him what I should have done differently. And this is where things really went off the rails, he told me he would have "sent the other staff out of the room, told the kid that he could attack me if he wanted but I would fight back and I wouldn't use (The program approved method for dealing with physical confrontations)". I was stunned. But he said he wouldn't put me on shift under him full-time but I could still pick up shifts.   


Since he had directly told me to disobey my training for how to deal with physical confrontation I thought it was time to involve his boss. I called him and told him the story up to this point. He listened, never acknowledging that anyone had done anything wrong then asked what I wanted. I said I wanted to be reassured that my life was more important to the company than enforcing rules right away. He said he'd have to consult the manual and couldn't tell me that. Again, I was stunned. Literally, all I was asking is if he preferred my not dying to rules not being enforced, if I was justified in acting out of self-preservation. He asked what I would do if I wasn't told that and I said, "well if you can't tell me my life is more important than x I'd probably need to tell my co-workers that the company didn't value their safety".  


I tried to call the clinical director to tell him about all this but he couldn't be reached. I picked up one more shift after that, was called into a meeting with just my previous supervisor and the sideways supervisor (the two people I'd complained) about and was told I was fired. I asked why and was told that I had mishandled some situations and they didn't trust me. I told him I didn't think he had enough information about what happened that night to make a judgment about it, since he had never asked me or the other staff about it. He said I "must have done something wrong because the kid had never done anything like that before".   


This was 9-10 months ago, but I wrote down everything that happened at the time because I was just so shocked by it all. It kicked off a serious depressive episode for me, I've got PTSD symptoms from the life-threatening and haven't worked since.  I don't know what, if any, laws were broken but it sure doesn't seem right to 1.  leave me hanging like that after a traumatic event while at work or 2. To be told in the context of seeking company policy from a supervisor to threaten a minor. or 3. To be told my life was less valuable to the company than their program rules or 4. to be fired without just cause.   


I know Utah is an "at will employment state" but don't know exactly what that means for the situation. I'd considered talking to a lawyer at the time but was already pretty depressed so I didn't do it, and thought I'd recover a lot sooner than I have.   


Thanks for reading.  You’re WAY off.  Have you ever worked in RTC? It’s extremely high stress and any company that doesn’t support their employees after being threatened is shit.  OP did the right thing by trying to talk the client down and OP was successful, this is the absolute right action taken in deescalation tactics.

Stop talking and commenting when you clearly have never worked RTC, or been trained on deescalation which is basic training for our field.  The last resort is to engage with the client physically and it’s done in very specific manner called a restraint.. these again are last resort.  

In Utah you can be fired for pretty much anything except of course discrimination.  I think it’s best to just be glad you’re out of such a non-supportive environment.  [deleted] It's a reddit tradition. He came in here acting as though he is an expert, talked out of his ass, was told by actual experts how incorrect he is, and made minor concessions without actually retracting his point. How many times have you seen the same thing play out in various subs? I don't know why that poster seems to want to attack your character instead of giving legal advice. Please disregard his comments, which seem to have nothing to do with the question you asked. They appear to speak without any experience of working in the field. I think you handled the situation well.  I’ve worked and supervised special rec for years - we would never, ever tell an employee that their life didn’t matter compared to rules - both out of compassion and because we would be liable for paying any medical bills that resulted. That is definitely not normal and you should not accept it. OP, this is solid advice. I worked in a group home and was fired for being sexually harassed by a resident and they lied and said I did damages to the home. 

The same day I got fired I applied for unemployment and they put down "unsatisfactory work performance." I had an interview with unemployment AND a rep from the company and won..

This isn't what happened here, but you 100% need to see a counselor to start to combat the PTSD before it turns to physical symptoms.  The kid complimented me afterwards telling me he was amazed how calm I was and the other staff in the room also went out of his way(in front of the supervisor) to tell me I'd handled it really well. After the incident was over and before my supervisor arrived I very calmly gave the kid his meds and we chatted as if nothing was wrong. Hmm. And was your perception of your behavior, both in the moments before, during and immediately after the situation backed up by the other witnesses?

And yes, I can see where that is a misunderstanding. I did think that, given the nature of the incident, the fact that it had all of the markers of a kid having done this before, and the reality that a lot of the kids that are on the spectrum DON"T get the care at home that they should, often times being the victims and thus often perpetrators of abuse, I did make some assumptions about the other kids you work with that were perhaps unwarranted.

I WAS a kid on the spectrum. Now I am an adult. Misdiagnosed because at the time understanding of autism was in an earlier stage of development. I have a lot of personal experience with EXACTLY what you are talking about.

However, one of the things that can be very helpful in those moments is an assertive, not intimidating, but also not intimidated, authority figure that won't back down even at the point of a threat.

The reason being that consequences, and understanding that there are some things that they have to and can learn to live with that are outside their control is a NECESSARY part of the coping mechanisms for an autistic kid.

It was one of the harder things my parents did for me. It made me miserable and angry a lot as a kid, but I also developed coping mechanisms that allow me to function as an adult with a minimum support system.

The truth is you were put in to a difficult situation. And the lack of real concern for you as another victim of that situation is the only thing I really see that your employer did wrong. And that is more moral than it is legal.

Morally you shouldn't  treat your employees that way. However, legally and ethically, they CAN, and DID. So, whatever. It's over now and you don't have to deal with them anymore. Hey, OP. As for the firing, it really depends on what state you are in. Some states are stricter than others about how these sort of things are played out. What exactly are you trying to achieve - get your job back, unemployment, compensation from being wrongfully terminated? A wrongful termination suit can be really hard to prove. 

As for the actual company - I have worked for several of these types of companies, and the common denominator that I have seen is in these types of situations, the higher ups try to downplay what actually happened as much as possible to prevent the client from being sent to the state hospital for a few weeks. This is not for the client, but for the company. The client cant be double billed, so when they go to a state hospital for eval, the company loses out on money for that period. I have worked with clients who literally totaled an employees car with their fists, and the company refused to send them to the state hospital for eval, even though the client really needed it. 

&amp;#x200B;

As far as advice, file for unemployment if you can. See if you can get a consult with a lawyer. They will be the only ones who can tell you if you can pursue financial recovery.   [removed] That's most of my reason for posting here. I don't know what laws might be relevant. [removed] [removed] I don’t know where you’ve worked but this is terrible advice. I work in a residential program and you absolutely do not ‘not back down’ when a client is escalating, that is only going to escalate them further. Each resident should have a specific crisis intervention plan that outlines exactly what form of intervention to provide during each phase of a crisis cycle. None of those interventions would involve standing one’s ground so as to intimidate the client in any way. 


“You would have had to flatten him and then write it up as a minor incident”


Are you insane?? You absolutely cannot lay hands on a resident in such a manner. That is assault. It is not a minor incident. Any physical altercations should be at an absolute last resort and done as a restraint in order to protect the resident. You cannot use physical touch as a form of intervention or behavioral control. 


I really really hope you do not work with this population. 


OP I do agree that it sounds like this type of job is not a good fit for you overall, but you are also apparently dealing with a lack of proper training and oversite. I would just chock it up as a learning experience and move on.  [removed] [removed] It sounds like you lack both the experience and the temperament for dealing with people who are used to used to using violence to get their way.

It is not an easy thing, and it DOES leave some emotional scars, but based on your report of the incidents in question, especially the one with the broken bottle, you placed yourself and other people at risk, and damaged the chances of being able to reach that kid long term.

When one of your colleagues/supervisors tried to coach you about how they would have handled the situation, you reacted negatively and said things that could easily be taken as a disruptive and threatening influence in an already stressful environment.

They fired you for good cause. In that kind of work there is a difference between how the manual says to handle certain things, and how an experienced and knowledgeable person handles them in reality.

The facility has to walk a fine line between having procedures that the higher ups can use to avoid getting sued, and the reality of working with people, kids as well, that sometimes have a history of violence.

If this sort of situation bothers you, or creates the kind of depression/PTSD you are describing, count yourself lucky to be out of it and find a new line of work more suited to your skill set and personality. &gt;It kicked off a serious depressive episode for me, I've got PTSD symptoms from the life-threatening and haven't worked since.

You need counseling.

&gt;I don't know what, if any, laws were broken

It didn't seem like you were told to actually assault the minor, which would mean you were fired for refusing to commit a crime, which would be one of the public policy exemptions for at-will employment. Instead, they said to threaten and aggressively posture, which is likely a technique that they know would have defused the situation, as counterintuitive as that might seem.

&gt;leave me hanging like that after a traumatic event while at work

Not their responsibility.

&gt;To be told in the context of seeking company policy from a supervisor to threaten a minor

Not a legal issue.

&gt;To be told my life was less valuable to the company than their program rules

Welcome to every other job you'll have in your lifetime, I guess? You live in America. That's normal.

&gt;to be fired without just cause.

"Fired only with just cause" is a thing in places like France. It's not a thing in America, never has been and likely never will be, despite it being a good idea.

&gt;I know Utah is an "at will employment state" but don't know exactly what that means for the situation.

It means you should have applied for unemployment 9 months ago and been looking for a new job. Do you think your termination was unlawful?  At-will employees can be fired for most any reason. File for unemployment if you haven't already.