Hi!  


So I know a lot of you aren't from Poland, but that's ok. If you know anything about the law, any starting points would be helpful.   


I did editorial service for a starting kayaking business deep in rural Poland. I work as a private person on a gap year, but I make little enough that starting business is unnecessary. I regulate my taxes yearly. I completed the editorial service according to specifications (I have a recording of one of the calls, idk if it's legal evidence, and e-mails). The business refused to pay me, explaining in broken polish that he "just didn't like it" and pointing out a few sentences (from different documents) from a 11k word project. He refuses to have these parts fixed and just wants to resign from the contract "just 'cause he don't like it too much", his words.  


Contract is verbal, not written, but he many times repeats that he wants to avoid plagiarism and expand on the ideas he either copied from other websites or listed himself. We changed over 90% of words and order of the rest, including sentence order, expanding content and generally creating a new text altogether with his notes as a base.  


Now, I wrote him a long e-mail reminding him that the contract, while verbal, is legally binding and he needs to show the proof that it was not done up to specifications or pay the money. It was page long and nicer than that.  


I know he will not pay.  


What are my legal options, for making him very regretful about it. I don't want revenge, I just want to prevent him from exploiting other workers. He also, on a different, unrecorded call, suggested that he's doing a lot of shady/semi-legal practices in terms of his business, especially regarding safety. I want to have a material for another e-mail threatening possible legal action that is within my moral rights of warning customers of his dishonesty and a plan for the future.  


What are my options? Worth giving a shot! Thanks! Okay.  I'm not removing your post.

I'm just preparing you for not really getting the answers you need due to the lack of participation from those regions.

Good luck. I've seem some ppl from EU and Poland here, hence I'm asking  I. 

Oh.

I misread your location to read "Portland" which is a city in the US.

I am afraid none of us know enough about the law in Poland or the EU to advise you further. We don't have those, but we do have very predatory job control and tax control. He has mentioned that he doesn't really have all the necessary documentation, safety, nor does he appear to have any knowledge about business  


EDIT: at least from business owners I know there is a high threshold on money when you can take things to court "I want him to be regretful" and "I want to prevent him from doing this to others" is outside your power.

You can sue him for the money he owes you in small claims court.