Sorry for format, I'm on phone. Tldr on the bottom.

For context, this woman has always not cared about her children. She has 4 of them at the moment and my friend called because apparently she's pregant with the 5th one. Now everyone knows she doesn't want kids in general. Not the ones she has and certainly not more. Now her youngest is about 11 months old iirc, the one before turned 2 recently, and the two oldest ones are almost 4 and 6 turning 7, respectively.  When her youngest was a month old, she decided to take her children out of the country so they don't have to be her responsibility anymore. This almost worked, but because she was refusing to send money for care for them.. They got fed up and told her frankly to take them back because no one has time to be taking care of someone's kids especially when the parents live here comfortably and don't want to spare a cent on their upbringing. She tried to change her number and everything, but they reached out to everyone and eventually the pressure became too much and to save face and avoid a divorce from her very rich husband, went and got them back. But not before planning a 2 month vacation where she spent all the money she had and then on the last two days is when she went to collect her kids, complaining the whole time about how much care they need and how she's constantly tired. This woman also has her brother living with her who takes a very unusual interest on her daughter's.. His behavior worries everyone. He even tries to change the youngest one's diapers but has no interest whatsoever in changing the 2 year old's. Like he'd volunteer to change the girls' clothes, give them showers. He even moved out but apparently decided to come back when the kids came back. Of course the mom appreciates any "help" she gets. She leaves the girls with him whenever he is available (he refuses to even be in the same room as the boy, claiming how annoying he is), and looks for someone else to dump her son on while she goes shopping or to gossip with her friends. She never remembers to replace groceries, and her children's lips are always dry, they always have digestive issues, ribs showing. The little girls get infections and start to smell bad down there because she never gives them showers or wipes them when they use the bathroom. People do it for her. Their hair always has lice. She then beats them up when they annoy her like asking for food and stuff. They don't know how to do things to help themselves. They go out in the cold with thin clothes and run around until they start coughing real bad then she'd beat them up and not even take them to the hospital, never tells them to stop playing in the cold. Or even buy them the proper clothes for the season. If she even remembers ro change them. These kids go to school in filthy clothes. Their mom hides their clothes behind the dryer because she can't be bothered to transfer then from the washe to the dryer if she even remembers to do laundry. The money she gets for essentials for her kids (she doesn't work), she'd spend on herself instead. She hasn't bothered to vaccinate them properly and never makes or shows up to dr's appointment for her kids. The dad is always traveling and he doesn't seem to care (he most likely has another secret family).  I could go on and on. Now what has me concerned is that her two youngest are very sick. They clearly need medical attention. But this woman invited guests over who needed a place to stay while they renovate their house, and leaves her kids with them and goes to sleep over at her friends' houses. She hides her two phones and doesn't answer to anything related to her kids. The neighbors are alarmed. My friend tells me she wants me to contact cps. She's afraid of the backlash she'll receive if she does it. And just to explain, the attitude our entire extended family has (save for a few), is that if they decide to care, they'll be enabling her. Most of them just turn the other way because they don't want the inconvenience of being dumped on the extra responsibility and make sure these kids get the help they need, only for it to get bad again the next time. Because this woman just doesn't give amy fucks. In my culture it's taboo to separate kids from their mothers especially. No matter what. Even if a mother kills her own child, they won't take the others away from unless she is actively attempting to murder them again in the presence of others. In that case they'll wait a bit then return the kids to their mother. Only if she murders all of them will they lock her up since she has no kids left to care for. 


So I'm thinking I might do it. Enough is enough. I know her address. Can I call CPS anonymously? Where it Can't be traced to me in any way? Also, if it is somehow discovered that I did it, can they legally come after me? And obviously I'm scarec that maybe I'll call them at the wrong time and they won't find anything alarming enough for them and then ignore it the next time a real cry for help happens where their life is obviously in danger. And I know 100% that people will stick up for her and go to great lengths to hide all evidence of neglect (I'm talking erasing every evidence and clean the whole place and feed those kids animal fat to make them appear healthier, clean her house up from top to bottom, make her look like a good mother). And they will vouch for her character. Anyone who speaks against her will suffer. I don't want to reveal where I am to them, or establish contact again. So, what would be the best course of action?


If I have left anything out, ask and I'll edit it in. I want to cover all the bases because I do beleive these kids deserve better and they deserve love so that they can grow up without any (permanent) damage to their health, physically or mentally. 


Tl;dr: I went no contact with family, but a family member severely neglecting her kids and I want to anonymously call cps on her without any repercussions or fear for my life again. Also, I'd like to make sure she's caught red handed and if nothing can be done, hopefully she's terrified enough by a visit from cps to start taking her kids' lives seriously. [removed] [removed]