 &gt;my insurance is trying to be completely money oriented rather than actually care about me. 

Yeah, they'll do that. They are not your friends. They are a business. 

Read the policy you signed. You might get what you want, but I doubt it. Unless you specifically have an OEM endorsement that you pay extra for, they are under no obligation to use OEM parts. If original parts were such a big deal to you, you should have asked when you got the policy. You might be able to get OEM parts without such an endorsement, but you'll pay the difference in cost on top of your deductible. 

As per *Ill. Admin. Code tit. 50 § 919.80(d)(5); 815 I.L.C.S. § 308/15,* in Illinois, they are required to inform you, in writing, that they are using aftermarket parts and any warranty on the part is handled by the part manufacturer, not the auto maker. That's about it. 

It's not like they are taking an engine out of a junkyard and putting it in your car. It's a piece of glass. People have been making it for literally thousands of years. I'm pretty sure other manufacturers can figure out how to make a piece of safety glass for your car just as well as Audi does, or maybe better.

And before you cite *Avery v. State Farm Mut. Auto. Ins. Co., 835 N.E.2d 801 (Ill. 2005),* you should know that it was appealed and the decision reversed.
 Thanks; unfortunately it seems my insurance is trying to be completely money oriented rather than actually care about me. They said they will not cover an OEM part and are trying to convince me to take a third party replica of a windshield and not an actual Audi part. Not only is it probably a safety issue(ie quality control) but it will also lower the value of my car. My deductible is $500! And yet I can’t have the actual replacement, seems ridiculous! Anyone  have any ideas? Seems all they care about is saving a few bucks.  You were on the news!! Call your insurance. They will cover it. If they can get the money back from the building, they will. It's called subrogation. 