 My dad passed away in his sleep this week, after coming home from work. He was 60. He had an irregular heart rhythm, but nothing serious and never required hospitalization. He took meds for that, as well as cholesterol maintenance. He was fighting a cold for a few weeks leading up to his death. The RCMP and BC Coroners Service declared it was due to natural causes, but did not go any more specific. My dad's friend at work informed us that he was being treated unfairly by his supervisor (or other superior). He worked as a factory metalpress worker for 20+ years at this company, and is part of the union. We were told that this supervisor gave my dad a heavy workload, gave him a hard time, and even watched/guarded him as he worked. This was new, and nobody else was treated this way. This story can be confirmed by another co-worker. My dad also complained of something similar to my mom the week before. Nothing written, all verbal. He was very tired the morning he came home from work, but nothing of major concern. The biggest indicator was just his parking was slightly askew (he was very particular about that). He didn't eat too much of his lunch at work or breakfast at home that day. I understand that there are a variety of factors here, but there's the likelihood that this workload from his supervisor pushed him too far, and combined with a cold and heart issue, was partially responsible for his death. What are my options here? WorksafeBC? Should I contact a lawyer or the coroner? What is the legal responsibility of the company here? His insurance plan says injury-caused death is covered, but this isn't directly linkable. Do I have a case? Thank you for any and all advice. (((hugs)))) I'm sorry for your loss. I'm sure you're grieving and looking for someone to blame. The simple fact is there probably is no one to blame. Even if things are as you say, giving an employee work and supervising that work in a pressuring way is not illegal or negligent. Your dad had stress from work. Granted. You're trying to say this stress contributed to his death and it's at least partially the supervisors or company's fault he died. Here's your hurdle: work is stressful. Nothing you've described says to me your dad had anything but a difficult boss. Maybe, maybe if you can get your dad's union to state his treatment was far beyond the norm and the company was mishandling him in an extreme way, you might have something. A lawyer would be able to tell you more based on facts. But I wild expect most will tell you there's no case. Good luck, and my sympathies. If you felt this is workplace related, then WorkSafeBC would be the route to take (company could most likely successfully avoid a lawsuit by saying courts don't have jurisdiction, WCB does) WorkSafeBC does allow claims resulting from targeted bullying and harassment. The problem is, they also exclude compensation where its a manager making workplace-related decisions. So, for example, you can't claim because you are being disciplined or evaluated for performance. Since these are the tools that bully managers use to bully, it can be very hard to get a claim accepted in these circumstances since you have to show that the behaviour was targeted and meant to demean belittle and intimidate. Since your father has passed, providing those stories will be harder. That's what I thought. It's gonna be hard to prove the connection and the responsibility. Thank you. You can talk to a lawyer if you feel so inclined but I think you are going to have an extremely hard time showing that a company should be held liable because your dad had a stressful job, or an uptight supervisor. 