Hey there,

My SO heard of a phlebotomy course around our town that was easy and very accessible. She attended a session or two, where a woman by the name of Katie appeared to lecture and give out information. Later, she received emails with a notice that they (the company) were having technical difficulties and would need to receive an email with final exams, etc. before 9/21 to receive a certificate by 9/24. My girlfriend complied with all of these instructions, however that certificate never came.

Long story short, the students were required to pay $100 online through a website named texasahcp.com. After sending in her coursework, it has been months with no response from the company, or Katie. The website, which has redacted domain information on ICANN, is no longer being hosted, and all of the phone numbers in relation to Texas AHCP have been disconnected. The address was also revealed to be false. The invoice, which was generated by Square, was paid in full. In early August after the payment was received, they sent an email with an “Invoice Cancelled” header, again generated by Square. A refund was never issued. The company information at the bottom of the form is falsified and, upon googling Texas Academy of Healthcare Professions, nothing can be found.

While it was just $100, I’m convinced that this woman, and potentially other parties, are scamming young adults looking to further their careers. The $100 is *not* the concern, mind you. I just don’t want this to happen to anybody else, and I’d love to see these people potentially arrested.

While I fear this “company” has committed a crime, I am unsure of what we can do to prevent this from happening elsewhere. I tried digging through the emails to find an IP address of the host used for that domain, but to no avail. The domain no longer resolves to a host, but I’m 99% sure Square hosted that site judging by the invoices. Who am I to contact? Is there any more digging I can do? [deleted] File complaints with the Attorney General (Consumer fraud) and the phlebotomy board.  First off, I recommend going to the bank and explaining the situation, probably can initiate a charge back, if I'm not mistaken. Bring all your evidence so you have a case if the scammers decide to fight it. 

https://www.usa.gov/federal-agencies/federal-trade-commission see about contacting the FTC to report it