Location: N.Y. State

Sorry about any typos or formatting, I'm doing this on mobile.

My wife works at a daycare around the corner from our house. About 2 months or so ago, she witnessed another daycare employee abusing a child. The daycare tried to sweep it under the rug; they told the parents it was an accident and just tried to handle the employee discipline internally. Some of the other employees reported the incident to CPS (or whoever the authorities are) and there was a pretty big shitstorm, the employee was fired as well as the supervisor that tried to sweep it all under the rug, and the local media got involved.

Fast forward to today. The owner of the daycare came to my wife and said she's being called to testify at a hearing about the incident as well as write a letter to the judge about it. My wife is very nervous because she's never been to court and doesn't know what to expect. She's also not from this country and has confidence issues with English. Are there any tips you guys can provide me to help support her and prepare her to testify? Does anyone know if she can get an interpreter? Any advice would be greatly appreciated. Seconded, and adding: Witnesses having to write a letter to a judge is also not a thing. Sounds like the daycare owner actually wants to avoid your wife testifying, and limit the information she provides to the court to a written statement which he/she will presumably review/edit/control.

If wife wants to help, she could contact opposing counsel, who should be more than happy to hear from her and explain the process and her involvement, if any. If not, don't take any more calls from people involved and wait to see if wife is served with a subpoena. As others have said, her boss can't assign her to testify. If he accepted a subpoena with her name on it, he needs to give it to her. At that point she should contact the attorney named in the subpoena and go from there. If she has to go- subpoena 

The court can order a real translator (can’t use family or friends) if that would make your wife feel more comfortable. She needs to give them advance notice so they can get one.  The owner of the daycare doesn't get to summon your wife to court.

If she is actually summoned to testify, the attorney for whichever side has called her will want to speak with her and prepare her with some of the questions that are incoming.  Random surprise witnesses with shocking information don't happen in real life.