 Hello, I am iphone7god and about 2 weeks ago I went on this dating website my friend recommended me called Seeking. You can find older women and men on this website, so I decided to give it a go. I go and make an account and found someone to talk to. We start talking and I tell this person I'm a broke 21 year old college student and what not. They then offers me an allowance. At first I was skeptical, I asked if there was anyway they could transfer this money into paypal. They then told me that they could only do it through mobile deposits, which requires my log in information. I didn't want to give them this information at first, but they ended up convincing me and made me feel safe. I still don't know how I could've let this happen, I feel so stupid. So, after that I ended up giving them this info, making sure to change my username and password immediately after. They deposited 3 checks, one of $200, one of $1200, and another of $1,400. Once I saw the money had been deposited, I was still skeptical and I played it safe and didn't spend all this money right away. I only spent about $150. Then they kept asking me to send them this money back in gift cards and stuff like that, which made me think something was up, obviously. I didn't send them anything and blocked their number. I find a website with information on this scam and it said that they send you x amount of money; then they ask for it right back in gift cards and what not. It also said that these checks end up bouncing weeks later, which meant I would only owe what I had spent. I called my bank on Tuesday (US Bank in California,) and they told me to go into a branch and that they would help me out. So, I go in the next day and talk to a banker and he told me my account was under investigation for fraudulent checks. He also told me that there was nothing he could do, since that wasn't his department and that I had to wait until I received a letter in the mail from the bank. I ended up receiving multiple letters on Friday, stating that the checks were fake and that I now owe almost $3,000 I don't have. They are also closing my account and I need to pay this money before they close it. The letter did not state when they were closing it, all it said was that it is in the process of being closed. I don't know what to do, I don't have this money and have no means of getting it. I'm going to call again tomorrow to see if there is anything I can do, but if not, what can I do, if anything?  How do you owe $3000 if you never spent that much? Yes So, should I just wait until tomorrow and call or should I go in to see what's going on?  If they had time to make 3 deposits, they had time to transfer money. I know the money wasn't available in the account yet, but the bank might have charged an overdraft fee and sent the money anyway. Since you couldn't log in after the bank locked it, there was no way for you to see the transfer. Now, I hope I'm wrong and the bank will just take back the $3000 they credited your account. But the scammers are used to doing this, and I don't think they can be beaten that easily. That can't be, as soon as I let them into my account I changed my username and password. They couldn't have logged in again. $200 dollars was made available to me the day the checks were deposited. They were deposited on a Friday, so I had to wait until Monday for the rest. Monday rolls around and I checked my account and only the $1200 was put in. That's when I tried checking my account again on Tuesday and was unable to log in, and then I called.  The scammer likely sent $3000 to themselves when they had access to your account, and that's why the bank says you owe $3000. They told me all they needed was my account info and my full name to put on these checks. The person that logged into my account mobile deposited these checks for me. They wrote them, all I did was give them my account information and they did the rest. I did not deposit them myself. I then later received printed copies in the mail of these checks, stating that they fake and that I now owe this money. You are responsible. But they haven't given you $3,000. They either released $200 to you, or they released $3000 in your account and then froze it, meaning they still have it.  But I thought the checks had been payable to you? My understanding of your story was that you deposited nearly $3000 in checks to you that turned out are fake, and now that money is being recollected by the bank. So what checks are you talking about here? Did whoever you gave your account information to write checks from you? Your narrative is extremely confusing. I received copies of the checks in the mail stating that they were fake. Maybe because they were fake, those checks are unpayed and now I am responsible for the money that wasn't payed to them? I only spent $150, I did not spend all that money.  I was hoping that's what would happen, I figured they would just take the money out of my account and then I would only have to owe the $150. Maybe since the checks were fake, the checks were not payed to the bank and now I am responsible for the money that wasn't payed to them? How do you owe the $3000 if by your account you didn’t spend it? You should only owe the $150 that you spent. Your post is unclear. But if you spent the money than yes, you owe it back Sorry about that, I only spent $150 out of the money that was deposited into my account. OK, you owe the money, but they have locked your account and they can just take the money back, right? The money is still here? In which case, after they take the $3000, you should only end up "losing" the $150 you spent, unless I'm missing something. If you only spent $150 you shouldn't owe $3000 I'm not sure what happened to the $3,000, I'm going to call or maybe even go in to find out more. The deposits were made on a Friday, $200 was credited immediately and I had to wait until Monday for the rest. Once it was in, I tried logging into my account, but I was unable to because, it was locked. That's when I called and they told me to come in. It wasn't until I received the letters that I found out I owe this money. They sent me copies of the checks as well.  Your post is a little unclear. Did you spend the money from the fake checks that was temporarily available in your account or not? Did they credit your account for $3,000 when you received the transfers, and then reverse that credit when they determined the transfers were fraudulent? If that's what happened, why would you owe the bank anyway? Where is the $3,000? Then you'll owe the money until its paid. You won't be able to have a bank account until its fixed though.  Alright, I will try. And if I am unable to make a payment plan?   Communicate with the bank and try to make a payment plan. They have experience with this type of scam. 