 Hello everyone, I'm thinking to start a startup sometime next year. As part of the work, I'm negotiating a few professional web developers to implement my idea. They are willing to sign the DNA and NCA but my question is how can I make sure that my developers who are citizens of another country and have no SSN, etc. will not copy my idea later if all I can put on the contract form about them is their email address and name/last name? Thanks If you hire local, and have signatures, not only do you create a presumption that this specific person agreed, your agreements have a real chance of being enforced. If all it took to not be responsible was say "I didn't sign that!", boy howdy would there be a lot less people with crippling debts or active no-competes (the specific legality of a given no-compete notwithstanding) You identify them using common standards for identification and a signature. Name, DOB, SSN, state ID numbers, all manner of different possible options, in conjunction with a signature, physical or digital.  If I hire local then how is it different from remote, still he can claim that he did not sign it, right?  That's your initial question. It has been answered. Unless you want to spend the money to fly them to you and have them physically sign the contract with thumbprints on their own blood, it's the best you'll get. Quite seriously, going all the way past your constabtly-shifting question, it doesn't matter if you can be sure it's that exact person. At the level you are operating at, there is about zero you can do even if you have every conceivable method of identification for them since the power of an NDA/NCA is essentially zero on an international basis. If you don't want to worry about it and for your agreements to have teeth, hire local. ​  's an intern Thanks for your response, but it is still not what I'm asking for. My question is how can I prove that the person who signed the NCA is in fact the same person? Of course I can put his SSN (or the like) on it but he can easily claim later that he did not sign this.  Will they BE in the US? Then apply the NDA/NCA as applicable in US law. If it's an internet thing and they STILL won't be located in the US, still SOL. US authorities could maybe go after their hosting, but it's not generally criminal to not follow a contract, it just makes them subject to the consequences outlined in the contract. I'm sure their country has something similar to an SSN, get that. Let's say they want to compete in US, then what? You require more information from them when they sign the paperwork? Not like it matters, not much to be done to make them not compete when they are not subject to the same laws. Yes, but my question was different. Say at some time the person decides to compete with us. Then, I'm asking how can I prove that these people are the same as those who committed themselves not to compete.  What else can I request from them? They are open to share with me at least now, I'm asking about future. You want an NDA and no-compete to be enforceable? You only hire people the applicable contract law would actually have any sway over. Seeing as the chances of a US court doing anything to try and enforce those terms on a citizen of a different country are about zero.... And the chances of the government of that nation enforcing any US court sanction are also about zero..... It's either a chance you take or you hire local. A good start is not hiring people who you know nothing more than the name they give and email. 