 I work a minimum age job and I’m currently a teenager in California. My job is part of a huge chain but the stores are independently owned. We get paid only by checks every other Friday, but my dad picked up my check and misplaced it and we haven’t been able to find it since. I texted my boss the day afterwards telling her i lost it and asked for her to reissue me another one, and she hasn’t replied. I texted her again a few hours ago today and she still hasn’t replied. This is very frustrating to me because every other time I’ve had to contact her about rescheduling my shifts or anything else work-related, she’s replied in minutes. I’m not on the schedule for next week since we’re training new employees so I won’t be physically at work for a while. What can I do?  That's a bit fishy right there, the handwritten check, and I'd advise a separate thread if you run into an issue later on. Unfortunately, the fee stands at about $40 to put a stop payment on the check. Try to find the check (any notebooks, pockets, jacket lining, wallet between bills, etc) is best. If you can find the damaged check (through the washing machine), then there is no fee - employer takes the old, voids it, reissues. In the future, most places have Zelle for transfers. Usually the paycheck can be direct deposited into the account, but Zelle is the next best thing.  Been in a similar situation with my paycheck that got lost while having to do an ATM deposit. I reached out to the HR by text as soon as it happened to have them void and reissue the check. I had to wait 2-3 weeks for another one to be issued by the Payroll company that distributes our checks. Just be polite and honest about it, happens all the time. Is your Boss the owner of the company? I just went to the HR with mine and she was able to get it taken care of for me. There was not any fee for mine, but that may vary by company.  It was a handwritten check because the official checks were delayed. Would there still be a charge? Especially if there’s no way it could be cashed in  There is no legal issue here. Your boss gave you your pay on Friday but someone that wasn't your boss lost it. Ask for the check to be reissued on Monday and cancel the old one. There will likely be a fee, somewhere around $20-40 for canceling the check. This is normal. This is a cost they've occurred due to the lost check, most banks charge a fee to cancel checks, which if not canceled could be used to transfer money to someone not authorized to receive it. Most businesses use another company to pay their employees. It will most likely involve her having to report this to them and they will reissue you another one next payday.  Go into work on Monday and ask about it. 