 Im from Saskatchewan in Canada. I'll explain my situation. Maybe I'll sound like a complete piece of shit. But I work with a woman who has a disability. She tends to get extremely aggressive with people. She has threatened peoples lives. She has hit myself and others. She sometimes will grab at my privates. She will get in my face yelling at me to hit her. I'm currently applying for an rcmp job. And I'll be asked if I've ever hit or punched someone on a lie detector. When she gets in her stages of being very physical I have essentially sat on her so she would stop trying to grab at me or hit me. I have pushed her away when shes grabbed at me. She has punched me and grabbed me and I've essentially hit her back in the leg. Not very hard at all. No intention to hurt. But so she knew she couldn't continue to be aggressive and have me sit back and take it. Essentially am I fucked when i tell the police I've pushed/sat on/lightly hit a handicapped woman who came at me? Doesn't the employer have an accommodation place for her? Q: “Have you ever hit somebody” A: In self defense - this is not something somebody can arrest you for. You don’t have to mention you sat on a handicapped woman to still respond honestly. If they ask specifically what happened- “somebody was hitting me and touching my sexual organs against my will and I took the steps I felt were necessary to stop the assault and get away from them” is also not lying.  The term is belligerent. Your charge (the person who you care for) is being belligerent. You need to tell your supervisor at the current job, and document it. You are supposed to receive training. In what capacity do you work with her? (Rcmp is the royal canadian mounted police for those who do not know) Obviously don't lie on the detector, but mention that the circumstances surrounding this are documented with the current employer. You need better training for sure if you continue to be with this woman. They are defensive and evasive actions, potentially, but there are protocols.  Sometimes omission is best. If it's not asked for, don't put it out there. If asked stress your protection and theirs. Yes I write a report everytime she does anything like that. Everyone is very aware of her behaviour. I just know my employer would definitely not be happy to know I've sat on her to restrain her is all.  Sounds like you should be reporting her aggression to your employer and filling a report. Protect yourself and yes, be honest about the self defense. You reporting her or starting a police report could be protecting others who are not so confident in the future. 1000 percent I will answer truthfully. My only concern is I answer truthfully. And they're like alright guys let's charge him. Contact his employer and hes out. My only concern is if it's even worth continuing my application if that's the road it could go down