[removed] You are right here, they never said they were avoiding being served. I was reading between the lines and thought it was implied Who said he's *avoiding* being served with the restraining order? It was granted *today*.  Avoiding being served the restraining order does not mean it does not apply, or that calling the police is abuse of a restraining order.  You can still call the police and they should serve the restraining order at that time, and prevent the ex from taking the children and or staying in the home. Without being served ahead of time it is less likely that the police will arrest the ex, and more likely they will just ask them to leave.  No The appearance of her abusing the restraining order isn't a great way to start it off the process.  Parent of the child that got texted?  They are an ex. I have a domestic violence restraining order That is something his lawyer can bringup if he is arrested, but a protection order and proof of the order being violated is often enough to be arrested even if it was not served by the sheriff yet.  Who is this person?  Figure out a way to have a 3rd party deliver the items. There you go. The order has to be served first. If a text message is breaking the restraining order you can issue an order to show cause and ask the judge to have this person arrested for contempt of court. If they come within 300 yards you should call the police.  Keep a conformed copy of the restraining order. If that is the person’s stuff maybe leave it on the curb? But that’s not the crux of the issue obviously. The issue is the individual wants to ignore the restraining order.
If the person shows up definitely call the police. Make sure all your deadbolts and locks work. The sheriff tends to take forever to serve a restraining order. But maybe consider calling your local police department non emergency number to ask what safety tips they recommend and protocols you need to take should the person appear. A court order is just a piece of paper 📝.