Hey guys, 

This is a throw away account. I read the rules before posting, so sorry if I missed anything. I was not home at the time of the incident. 

I have a dog (a corgi) and she’s an inside dog and we let her out in our front yard every few hours to enjoy the sun, run around, and use the restroom. 

A couple hours ago, my brother let her out in the front yard (we have a fence/gate surrounding our front yard) and he went inside to get ready for work.  We usually watch her while she’s outside, but my brother did not watch her this time while getting ready. 

While he was inside, apparently (our neighbor on the other side of our house told us) the neighbor’s dog (pit bull) snuck underneath the fence that divided the yard and entered into our yard and attacked our corgi. 

While that was occurring, my brother went into our front yard to check on our corgi and that’s when the neighbor (not the owners of the pit bull) yelled to him that our dog was being attacked.  

My brother quickly grabbed our corgi from the pit bull, while the neighbor who told us what happened helped grab/separate the pit bull from my brother and our corgi.    

My brother immediately took her to the vet and paid a deposit to have her admitted to their hospital. 

During this time he text messaged me and told me everything that happened.  He also told me that our corgi had a 3 inch gash/open wound around her neck and she was bleeding pretty badly (he sent a picture of the blood and it was a lot). 

While our corgi was at the animal hospital, the veterinarian said that it wasn’t looking good but they are going to do what they can. Unfortunately, after a while the veterinarian came back out and said that our dog didn’t make it. 

My brother has called animal control and is getting that settled. As well as making a police report after that. 

He went to our neighbor’s house to talk to them, but he said they locked their fence and gate, so he couldn’t enter their yard to tell them (although I’m sure they know what happened).  I told him to call animal control and the police so that the police will (hopefully get them to unlock their fence/gate and) talk to the neighbors. 

I am aware that in California, all pit bull owners are subjected to strict liability under the Unreasonable Dangerous (Domestic) Animal statute.  

So my question is, is there anything else I should do or can do?

So far we have contacted animal control, police (soon), and attempted to notify the neighbors who own the pit bull about the attack.  My brother is also going to speak to our other neighbor to get the full story about what the neighbor saw. 

I’m not sure what else to do, but I will be contacting a personal injury attorney soon. 

I am devastated because our corgi was only a year and a half.  She was going to turn 2 years old in April next year.  She was our first dog and I still can’t believe this happened. 

Also my brother just informed me that animal control came and made a report.  They told the neighbors to secure their fence otherwise they will take the dogs away.  That was it.

TL;DR
 
Our corgi was in our gated front yard while my brother was inside the house getting ready for work. During this time, the neighbors’ pit bull snuck underneath the fence that divides our yard and attacked our corgi.  My brother took her to the animal hospital, but ultimately the veterinarian couldn’t do anything to save her.  

We contacted animal control and my brother is calling the non emergency police line to make a report. Is there anything else we can do right now? (We live in California)

Thank you guys in advance.  Thank you for your help.  As a dog lover, I'm sorry this happened to you.

CA classifies dogs as property, the dog bite statutes do not apply to dog on dog bites.  If the owner knew his dog was aggressive or was "negligent per se".   Then the owner would be responsible for the necessary reasonable medical bills.  

I am not sure if you would be entitled to the medical bills + value of the dog though, but that would be the absolute max.  They may cut the limit at the value of the dog since it's treated as property.

Edit ... CA dangerous animal statute is in respect to human bites and the owner has to be wilful ... I don't think this meets either requirement based in what you have written.