So, title pretty much says it all but a little elaboration. Public school to be clear, our Math teacher recently added listening devices of some sort on our desks so now she hears any conversation we have. Now, there was a court case for my state essentially saying that as long as it wasn't an excessively loud conversation there is enough of an expectation of privacy, and my state is two party consent, so I feel like this isn't ok but I mean, am I wrong? No but statistically it's less likely, so I figured it was important to note Being mid-thirties doesn't mean she can't have a hearing issue. I don't know, but its exceptionally odd that a woman in her mid 30s would have microphones on our table that feed into speakers at her desk. Because as it currently stands there are periods in class we're doing work independently and are allowed to talk. These may be accommodations for difficulty of hearing that she has. Always assume the best about people.  Why would she want to record your conversations in math class? Why are you having conversations in math class? [removed] It could be a closed loop hearing system that is used by theaters and the such like. Normally a deaf person will switch there hearing aid to T where they will be able to hear what is being said. 
The sign for it is an ear with a line through it and a capital T. Here is a link to a site about it. 
https://www.hearinglink.org/living/loops-equipment/hearing-loops/what-is-a-hearing-loop/
 I believe it's recording but I couldn't say that to a great accuracy.  Are you sure the teacher had these installed to eavesdrop on your conversations or she had them installed to amplify sound because she has difficulty hearing her students?  Is it recording or is it just a live PA?  Move up to the superintendent and the school board.  That has been done, I just wanted to know while I wait for a response the appropriate course of action in the event this is illegal and they don't care.  I'd start by politely asking the principal what's going on, and if they're aware of it. There are  microphones on the tables, that all go back to a speaker system at her desk, it's on all the tables, she seems able to hear us perfectly fine anywhere else. I can't say i've seen any such device in her ear, no.  Explain how this works.

Is she wearing an earbud, or headphones in order to hear these conversations?

As I am imagining it, this sounds like a fairly elaborate, and expensive system, that would be unlikely for a teacher to install herself, without district approval.  And, to do so, just to hear students whispering would be fairly extreme.  I mean, all teachers know students whisper, and know that the whisperings of students is not interesting enough to go to elaborate lengths to hear.

This sounds like it could be an accommodation provided by the school for a hearing impairment.