My family member’s ex girlfriend has come forward to police and made up a crazy and completely false story that he raped her. This girl is severely mentally unstable, a compulsive liar, and has mentioned many times that she loves doing anything for attention. He was 16 at the time of the alleged abuse, and she was apparently 13, although she had lied to my family and said she was “15, about to be 16 in a month”, so he’s being charged with a whole bunch of nasty felonies. When they broke up over a year ago, she continued to stalk my family member for a year (going as far as to make fake social media accounts to try and get him to meet up with her), and he repeatedly told her to leave him alone. Just a few weeks after he had told her for the last time to never talk to him again, she went to the police with her fake story. All the investigation has is her story, no other evidence, and he never spoke to the police. They asked him to come in for an interview, but my family immediately got a lawyer, so he never gave them a statement. As soon as the lawyer let the police know that my family member would not be speaking to them, they arrested him and he’s been in jail ever since. We have a evidence that she was actively pursuing him for the past year, and the investigation has nothing besides her statement. I guess it’s pretty hard to compile evidence of a crime that never occurred. 

Can someone actually get convicted based on a (false) statement alone? With her story being a complete lie with nothing to back it up with, is there a chance the prosecution will catch on to the fact that she’s lying? How easy is it for someone to get convicted of something they didn’t do that there is no evidence of?  &gt; My family member’s ex girlfriend has come forward to police and made up a crazy and completely false story that he raped her. This girl is severely mentally unstable, a compulsive liar, and has mentioned many times that she loves doing anything for attention. He was 16 at the time of the alleged abuse, and she was apparently 13, although she had lied to my family and said she was “15, about to be 16 in a month”, so he’s being charged with a whole bunch of nasty felonies.

Two major issues for your family member, here:

* In a lot of jurisdictions, a 13-year-old is not legally able to give consent to sexual contact _at all_.

* In a lot of jurisdictions and particularly in most US states, a mistake of age is not a defence, or is only a defence in a very narrow range of situations.

Your family member needs an attorney. Thankfully, they have one, and are listening to the attorney's advice. Even if the allegations that he had nonconsensual sex are false, he may still have committed serious sexual crimes. &gt; He was 16 at the time of the alleged abuse, and she was apparently 13,  

In a very many jurisdiction, she was not legally able to give consent to sexual contact.  So, any sexual contact regardless of who pursued who, or her lying about her age is irrelevant.  It would be considered statutory rape.

Your brother has a lawyer, and it sounds like he was very smart in not giving statements.

I would ask you questions, like your location, and if there was any sexual contact between them.  But, you are best advised to not reveal any information about this over the public internet. Her testimony is evidence, even if it's false. The job of your lawyer is to prove she's lying with any evidence you may have that shows a pattern differing than the one she provided in her own testimony. 



Listen to your lawyer. Your brother has already been arrested so this has already escalated passed any advice we can give you here.  Innocent people have been found guilty, and guilty people have been let go. It's not a perfect system. If you're ever accused of a serious crime you shut up and only talk to your lawyer. It's nearly always true that somebody talking about a case they are only seeing from the outside are not aware of all the facts.