Hi all, I’m not familiar with fishing regulations at all so please bear with me.  My father received a court summons for a fishing fine today for an event that occurred in 2016.  He and all his friend got ticketed that day.  Basically what happened was he caught his limit of 5 fish but gave two away to his friend who only had two.  My father only wanted 3 and thought he’d give away the two others to his buddy.  The inspectors were out and apparently just ticketed everyone.  

I have two questions: are you allowed to share your caught fish? Is it not unreasonable to be summoned after two years of the event i.e. does he not have the right to be “tried” in decent amount of time? Yea.  I find it strange too.  I doubt the MFFP has a quota to give out tickets.  Also, I think if his case is link to his friends who may or may not have pleaded guilty we may be screwed in paying the fine either way.  Are there any ramifications of pleading guilty other than the fine itself? I'm finding it bizarre that MFFP would bother pursuing shad fishermen. Sturgeon, walleye, muskie, sure. But you're right in that no one gives a fig about shad in the summertime other than those of us who like to eat 'em.

There has to be more than this for MFFP to actually follow through with what appears to be a bogus fine. Or they really are strapped for cash. Either way, if your dad doesn't attend the court hearing, he will be fined. If he attends, he might be able to get a judgement in his favor. That's about the long and short of it, I'm afraid. It was Alose (shad) fish that they were catching which doesn’t have any size restrictions in the month of June.  Everyone had their license and they took home whatever they caught.   Are you sure the ticket was for the fish and not for the fishing? Because the Fishing Regs in QC specifically say that it's okay to give your catch away (and if you give it away to someone with a fishing license they have to be under the possession limit)

Nobody was fishing illegally? Using illegal methods? Too many released? Too small? Out of season?

(Edit) It might be possible that the group itself was over possession limit and no one could / would cop to which fish were theirs, so the ranger just handed out tickets like candy. But that's a pretty highly-manufactured scenario. that’s what I thought but he and all his other friends got ticketed.... it was like being guilty by association.   As long as the bag / possession limits for the fish your father caught were adhered to, there's absolutely no reason why he couldn't give his catch away. Of course, that five fish also became his friend's four fish in that your dad caught five and his friend possessed four. But as long as that was under the limit for the species and the fish wasn't out of season / otherwise ran afoul of fair catch, that ought to be perfectly fine.