Hi, all,

My best friend has been stressing out immensely about a DUI she received in October. I know this is not a victimless crime, and she knows that too. She's been going through a crazy rough patch this past year and the night this happened was an absolute mess. She was pulled over and a breathalyzer test was given; she was slightly above the legal limit, though I can't recall how much. No one else was on the road she was driving on, and no property was damaged.

She has nothing else on her record, not even a speeding ticket, but she is terrified of losing her license. Her lawyer has not been helpful at all; she has already paid him more than a thousand dollars, but he hardly returns phone calls and gives pretty ambiguous answers.

Her main concern is that she doesn't know what will happen in a hearing scheduled this week. What's the purpose of a hearing? How likely is it that she will lose her license? Is this temporary? What should she do next?

Basically we're just looking for a general overview of what typically happens when a person in Missouri receives their first DUI, and what factors affect the outcome. Some people we know lost their licenses for more than a year, or years, and some didn't lost it all. Some had fines and jail time, some didn't.

What should she know in order to be prepared?

&amp;#x200B; She definitely wants another lawyer, but she doesn't have enough money to pay more legal fees. Thank you for the link! Hopefully she is able to speak to a judge on the actual court date. http://www.attorneys.com/dui-dwi/missouri/what-to-do-if-charged-with-a-dui

I'm assuming the hearing is her arraignment? If her lawyer isn't being helpful she should get another or visit his office and try to get cleared answers. The lawyer should be explaining the outcomes (She pleads guilty and they'll give her x suspension and y fine, or she pleads not guilty and one of x y or z happens), and helping her decide how to plead. As far as I can tell from online, she might lose her license for a month or 2, but I don't know how much leeway the courts have to increase that in different circumstances.