I understand this is beyond insanely difficult.  I also understand that one one likes their social worker.  

That said, we have one working on the case of a child in our extended family who has made the child feel like she is not being listened to or believed.  It has gotten to the point where the social worker will tell me, “Child X has said she is fine.” Then I will talk to the child who will say, “I told [social worker] how unhappy I am and how all this stuff is going wrong.  She doesn’t listen to me.”

This is a young teen, not a four year old.  She is an excellent student, a kind person and credible young lady. 

We have a lawyer.  He thinks we should just try to wait it out, get on social worker’s good side, and get in front of a judge (we are headed to dependency court).  He does not recommend trying to remove social worker, thinks this is next to impossible and that it will backfire.  

Is this genuinely a system with no checks or balances? Or is there some process we can utilize to help us get someone else to work with? 

 In General, just listen to the attorney like others suggested.

But well I can only comment based on how it is in Sweden with social services concerning children. But in general the childs wish is generally "heard" but not necessarily "listened" too, due to how the laws function here at least. Basically a common concern and issue that actually arise here is false reports not just from people required by law to report but also from the child itself. So court or the law I should say, take what's said by children below 18 with a grain of salt. Which has it's ups and downs obviously like any system but there has been situations where children here have tried to get themselves relocated by social services on false grounds.

&amp;#x200B;

Not saying that the child in question is lying or anything, far from children are usually more aware of themselves than most adults I've met. Buuuut it has happened so without knowing full details concerning what's going on n the childs situation (from your PoV) it's hard to say if the social worker is at fault or not.

&amp;#x200B;

Side note as well, the main problem in general is that while social workers and the law work for the "childs best interest", there's quite a major difference between what the child considers their best interest and what law considereds their best interest. I know only certain states provide tax payer funded attorneys for the child, but you should be allowed to hire your own attorney for the child without issue, especially if the court was going to appoint one anyway. 

 Is that in the whole of the US? Or only certain states?  We are in CA and I have never been told we have the option to hire an attorney for her.  Is the social worker/ foster carer obligated to allow her to meet with her own attorney or can they deny it? 

She has no GAL (yet, who knows if they will give her one) but she will have a court appointed attorney through the dependency court in a day or two. Presumably if this person is good then that will help a lot but ultimately the child will still have to deal with this untrustworthy social worker as touch point and gatekeeper until the case is resolved which may not be for a while. 

Thanks for your input.   Well, I think your first mistake is thinking that the social worker represents the child.    The social worker does not represent the child’s wishes.  

Does the child have an attorney or GAL, or do only you have an attorney?     You can hire a second attorney to represent the child’s wishes.
  We probably will in the short term.  But in case his advice doesn’t pan out and we are looking at her being removed for months or years, I would like to know if anyone has successfully worked within the system to get the child a representative she can actually trust.   The checks and balances are in the court.   Let the attorney do their job, and do not undermine them or make their job harder by trying to do something they have told you is a bad idea and will be unsuccessful. You should listen to the advice of the attorney who is being paid to advise you.  They know more about the facts and circumstances of your situation and will give you better advice from the lawyers (and mostly non lawyers) here. 