I'm in the process of possibly having my ex boyfriend prosecuted. But thing is, he's 16, almost 17. So even if he were to get charged now, would either a sexual assault or/and domestic violence charge be gone once he's 18? 

We live in Ontario, Canada. I'm 17.

The detective who's handling my case said that indefinitely, it would be, but I'd been reading online and things like "depends" or "special circumstances" keep popping up.

It makes me frustrated that anybody can commit a crime as a minor, and be free of it once they turn 18. So even if he were to apply to university soon, there's no risk of him not getting in.

I feel like I've lost. This entire process has been going on for a mere 2 1/2 weeks now, but I've never felt this drained in my entire life. It's disheartening that he's going to face no legal and lasting consequences. The charge doesn't get "cleared" at 18, but the record is confidential, and after a certain amount of time can get sealed or destroyed unless the person commits another offense. The period of time varies depending on the outcome of the charge. There are exceptions where the record is never sealed, That is more likely to happen if there are multiple offences, the person is sentenced as an adult, or it is very serious charge (such as aggravated sexual assault, in which the offender wounds, maims, disfigures or endangers the life of the victim).

Even if sealed, the record can be accessed by certain people for certain purposes, and can form part of an adult criminal record if he reoffends as an adult.

You can read more here: [https://www.justice.gc.ca/eng/cj-jp/yj-jj/tools-outils/sheets-feuillets/recor-dossi.html](https://www.justice.gc.ca/eng/cj-jp/yj-jj/tools-outils/sheets-feuillets/recor-dossi.html)

&gt;So even if he were to apply to university soon, there's no risk of him not getting in.

I'm not sure why you think a criminal record would prevent him from getting into university. Even if he had committed this crime as an adult and been sentenced as an adult, that would not prevent him from being able to go to university. I went to law school with a person who *stabbed someone 30 times and was on parole*.

&amp;#x200B; Normally, if a minor is convicted of an indictable offence and receives a sentence other than conditional or absolute discharge, the conviction remains part of their record until five years after the sentence has been completed. There may be situations in which the information will NOT be erased and will remain part of the person's permanent and public criminal record, but that tends to happen with youth offenders who already have a history of charges / convictions.