Hey all!

I'm writing from Ontario, Canada. Earlier this year I got a job at a big corporation and everything was smooth sailing until I was placed under a relatively new manager we'll call her Pear. Pear and I are of different races and I'm one of few minorities in this particular department. I instantly began excelling at the job, my clients were always please with my work and my quality of work was way above my peers. Clients even took notice and offered to give me gifts for my service but I declined due to work policy. After one month on the job, Pear attitude towards me changed from friendly to abusive. She would constantly hound me down and ask me what I was doing, accuse me of things that I haven't done and when I would provide her with an answer she wouldn't even consider hearing it. She would even belittle me in front of my coworkers, so I put in a transfer request to another department. Transfer requests are submitted via inter-office mail and are marked confidential. One of her close friends read my transfer and told Pear. And that's when all hell broke loose, I began getting hounded everyday if not twice a day at work and everything I did was overly scrutinized. Every other day Pear would ask to meet with me in regards to a client file I worked on earlier that week. Pear even yelled at me once and when I told her I was documenting this, she began infuriatingly yelling 'NO I AM'. I'm part of a union, I asked for some advice as to what I can do about the situation and they told me that some managers like to micromanage and there's nothing I can do about it. I received a call from HR that they received my transfer but they have to wait for my probation to end (which was going to end the same week). Two days later Pear's manager emailed me, asking me to meet with him, I felt a deep knot in the pit of my stomach, I knew deep down this wasn't going to end well for me. I had a union rep accompany me and I got fired. There was no talking, just I letter was slid across the table stating that I'm no longer a good fit, I don't follow company policies. No allegations were discussed, I was tossed out like I was a thief. I began applying for jobs since the day I was terminated and not a single place has hired me since. I'm struggling to find a job because no place wants to hire someone who was fired from their job especially during the probation. I decided to grieve my termination and my employer refuses to tell me the reason which I was terminated, allow me to see my personnel file (in this company all employees are allowed to see their personnel files if requested), pay me for losses &amp; damages. They constantly try to offered me my job back and I refused because of the emotional and mental suffering inflicted upon me. And their policies state that a former employee can only be rehired for 6 months. I know this is a ploy because they want me to sign a separation package stating I can't sue them in the future. Also, they informed me that if they provide me with a payment for the remaining length of my contract they will tell EI that I have received money from them. The weirdest part is the union rep assigned to my case was on my side until a couple days ago she told me to drop the grievance, and that they won't give me a settlement or change the record of employment. I called her secretary at a later time so I could talk to her and her secretary asked what my email was so she could send me the minutes of the settlement. My union rep said that her secretary made a mistake but how could that be when I gave her my case file to look up. My union rep kept insisting that I should take their offer to go back to my old job. I don't understand what is it that I've done to Pear to deserve this. Why would someone go so far to inflict so much pain and suffering upon someone else who did absolutely nothing to them? I've tried getting a lawyer but each one said that my union is responsible for representing me.
 The lawyers you spoke to are correct that any recourse you have is through your union. 

Your post is very confusing about the outcome of your grievance and whether there was a settlement offer or not. If there is a settlement offer, and your union thinks that's the best you are likely to get, you should speak to them to determine why that's the case before you reject it.  Find a new job? 
 
You were on your probationary period. They’re welcome to let you go. 