21 year old male working as a pizza delivery driver in Vermont for a local business. 

&amp;#x200B;

When I was hired at the end of this past summer to this job, a manager added me to a group text with all the other delivery drivers and the manager so that if people needed to have their shift covered they could ask in the group text. Yesterday, there were two drivers coordinating a shift switch and I asked them in the chat if they could take their conversation off the group chat and just message each other directly so that everyone's phones wouldn't keep going off. One of my coworkers sent a message in the group text that was directed at me that said "can we have a rule where you you take your butt plug out and put it in your mouth for an hour or 2?" (his grammar errors not mine). Someone else added a laugh emote to that message. The manager is still apart of this group text and I believe they can see these texts. So far the manager hasn't said anything to me or in the group text about this message. Today I sent a message in the group text that what he said to me was out of line and he replied that I should stop crying. He later sent me a personal message saying that he didn't mean what he said and was just goofing around. 

&amp;#x200B;

It is getting to that point in the week where we have to write down our hours of availability so that we can be put on the schedule to work next week but I don't really want to go back to work if I'm going to be talked to like that and not have the leadership do anything to stop it. We don't have an official HR from what I can tell because the business only has roughly 20-30 employees from what I have seen.

&amp;#x200B;

I am not really sure what to do in this situations because I love my job because it pays so well and don't want to lose it because of this. This is the first time anything of this nature has been directed at me at this job. Should I just man up and forget the whole thing? Is it worth reporting what I think is sexual harassment if it only happened once? Should I contact an attorney? What steps do I need to take in all of this? you anal, huh? ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) Stop sexually harassing him. /S Considering you took this kind of offense to a pretty obvious joke from a coworker, I’d say I’m in agreement with the other party. Sounds like you have something shoved up your ass Holy shit, grow up and move on. You are literally reaching for something here. 

As you grow up, a lot worse will be said to you. You can’t run to authority when your feelings get hurt or you get offended.  Exactly. He could have muted the chat. [removed] [removed] Speak to whoever, but waiting for someone else to to solve the issue won’t help. To your last point, this is a sub for legal advice. What is legal, and what is fair, too vastly different things. &gt; I would think that management has a responsibility to do something about these kinds of comments without having to be asked but that's just how I feel not necessarily what the law says.

Management isn't a referee, parent, or a counselor. They don't *have* to proactively take actions between employees. In fact, most managers won't get involved with minor squabbles *unless* they're brought to them because they generally let adults be adults and handle their own problems. Sometimes it's seen as a measure of respect to not treat adults like children. 

&gt; So Vermont defines sexual harassment here but what I think the relevant part is

&gt; "verbal or physical conduct of a sexual nature can all constitute sexual harassment when: ... creates an intimidating, hostile or offensive work environment."

&gt; Am I wrong to think that the environment has become hostile because other people agree with his comment and he berates me about thinking he is out of line?

Hostile work environment is a legal term from which certain attitudes and *continuous actions* towards protected classes and subject matters has created an environment you work in to become such that you can't possibly work there anymore due to the discrimination or harassment you're receiving.  So yes, I think your assessment is overkill about a *single instance* of something *relatively mild* happening and your manager not reading your mind that you found it *overly* offensive to the point that you would like them to address the problem, especially when the person that did it to *personally apologized to you.* If a personal apology isn't good enough, what is? 

&gt; I see your point about him implying I have something stuck up my butt, however, its the fact that he made it about a sexual object "butt plug" and said I should put it in my mouth that I feel is way out of line. Does the law require that male to male sexual harassment be more egregious because I feel that if this was said to a female it would be see as sexual harassment?

No. But you're implying that I would consider it to be sexual harassment if it were said to a female but I would not. A butt plug, while it is a sex toy, is also a *common object you stick up your butt*, which makes sense in the context it was used. Other than the object itself, there was no connection to anything sexual in nature. This person told you to put the plug in your mouth to shut your mouth, not to imply some sort of sexual component to it. Replace butt plug with anything else and the comment would have no possible sexual connotations at all. 
 A "hostile work environment" entails repeated offenses that keep happening. This was one event, in which the person has already apologized to you. Bring it up to management, they can do something or they might not. If you love delivering/making pizzas go find another pizza place to work, where the management may care for their workers slightly more than your current employer. There are typically plenty around.  Should I talk to my boss or my manager about this? Should I just ask my boss who makes the schedules to not put me on with the people involved?

From what I have read about Vermont's statute on sexual harassment it doesn't mention isolated incidents but I could have missed that.

The thing about lost wages is that most weekends when I work net around $200 dollars in tips alone plus 15-20 hours of $10.50 an hour which isn't massive but is a lot in my situation but I see your point about expensive lawyers.

On the point about quitting, I have quit bad jobs before but don't want to leave this one because I like it and the money. I don't think its fair to just roll over and quit because someone else wants to be vulgar. Just my two cents but I appreciate your advice.

&amp;#x200B;

Edit: clarity So like I said, I haven't done anything like approach management because I don't want to act without advice so I don't paint myself into a corner. I would think that management has a responsibility to do something about these kinds of comments without having to be asked but that's just how I feel not necessarily what the law says. 

So Vermont defines sexual harassment [here](https://humanresources.vermont.gov/labor-relations/equal-opportunity/sexual-harassment) but what I think the relevant part is   

"verbal or physical conduct of a sexual nature can all constitute sexual harassment when: ... creates an intimidating, hostile or offensive work environment."

Am I wrong to think that the environment has become hostile because other people agree with his comment and he berates me about thinking he is out of line? 

I see your point about him implying I have something stuck up my butt, however, its the fact that he made it about a sexual object "butt plug" and said I should put it in my mouth that I feel is way out of line. Does the law require that male to male sexual harassment be more egregious because I feel that if this was said to a female it would be see as sexual harassment?

Don't take this all to mean I don't appreciate your advice I just want to make sure you guys know everything. 1) I don't see where you approached management about this. If you haven't, how would they know they need to address it?

2) The guy personally apologized to you. That's the most you're going to get out of this situation anyway. 

3) I wouldn't even consider it sexual harassment. The comment was about you acting like you have something stuck up your butt, as in being up tight. 

4) Even if there was a case, which there isn't, it's not profitable for an attorney to take. In an employment law case, you only get paid what you *would* have gotten paid had you stayed at the job. A pizza place is a minimum wage job with high turnover. Damages would be somewhere around a month or two of minimum wage. It's just not worth it. 

If you don't like working there, just search for another job and quit when you get one. But honestly, what happened wasn't that big of deal. You're likely going to deal with worse as you work through the years.  IANAL, but first you should speak directly to your manager if you don’t have an HR, waiting passively for your manager to do something about this isn’t going to solve any problems. Whether or not this is sexual harassment, if this is the story as you presented it and there hasn’t been any further actions committed then this alone  wouldn’t qualify as sexual harassment as the law allows “offhand comments” and “minor isolated incidents”. That being said if similar actions with sexual nature are committed against you again and it becomes pervasive then these actions could likely be called sexual harassment. If your manager does nothing , given the fact you deliver pizza I don’t know if the cost-benefits weigh in your favor if you seek a lawyer (just being realistic). Sometimes jobs just suck OP, and the law cannot save you from a crappy job. [removed]