I recently got married (36m) and my husband (30m) brought some old debt with him into the relationship.

Two weeks ago, he was served papers by a law office with several offices around the urban areas in which we live. After a week and a half of researching how to answer a summons and a discussion with a pro-bono attorney at the courthouse, we prepared an answer letter, which they recommended strongly that be hand delivered to the law firm suing him, which as I mentioned has several offices.

When we showed up to serve the answer letter, however, the law firm refused to accept the answer letter from the downtown location, insisting instead that we take the answer letter to a location 30 miles out of the city, far from any public transportation routes. While he drives, it is impossible for me to accompany him to the location where they want the answer letter delivered, as I work during the day, and cannot take any more time this week to deal with these matters, and I do not want my husband to be ambushed without support by what is clearly a predatory debt collector.

In the course of my research on the matter, it was made known to me that a service to court for a defendant can  be left with "anyone who lives with them and is of reasonable age", so this whole claim that they can't accept service of answer there seems very fishy. Is there anything that we can do to legally compel them to accept our answer letter at the location accessible to us? Absolutely sure. They were volunteer attorneys at the courthouse. As for the "rule" governing service, it is more, given the shady nature of this law firm, that we as parties to a potential attempt at default judgement trolling (whatever that may be called in legalese) want an absolute defense against claims of failure to answer. The simplest way of putting it is that there are two rules that govern service. Rule 4 is what I'll call "formal service" which deals with the service of a complaint and summons, or a subpoena, and other specific things.

Rule 5 is what I'll call "informal service" which deals with the service of everything else.

Rule 4 has stringent requirements about who/what/where, while Rule 5 is essentially "just throw it in the mail."

Generally speaking, answers are governed by Rule 5 and not Rule 4.

How sure are you that you spoke to an actual attorney at the court house? No. We merely wish to avoid what seems apparent as an attempt to get a default judgement. 

Edit: As I said, the behavior of the law firm seems "shady" in their insistence that they cannot accept service of an answer except at an out of the way location. There is an affirmative defense in the answer, relating to the failure to properly name my husband, as we have been married for some time and use of his old name as primary to the suit creates undue hardship for both of us (it is a dead name). In English please. More details: the law firm has not yet filled the summons with the court. The attorney we talked to looked up the law regarding answering a summons, and the law stated (roughly) that the answer needed to be served to the defendant, with no explicit requirement that it be filed with the court at this time. 

Either way, the plaintiff has not yet filled the summons, which again according to the legal advice we have already received, stated that they do not have any obligation to do so for the period of one year from date of service, and we were told filing it with the court would set an actual court date in motion and would cost us 300 dollars. It is our intent to ask for proof of indebtedness, and then pay the debt, and we wish to avoid filing fees if possible. Yeah, unless they are making a counterclaim, there's no reason why Rule 4 service would be required instead of Rule 5 service. What do you mean an answer letter? Did you file am amswer with the court? Who told him to deliver the letter? I suspect you got bad advice. Is your husband making a counterclaim?