I am a licensed Paramedic. I live in Nebraska which is an at will employment state. Earlier this year I lost a patient and was terminated that very day. I was working for a private company of that makes any difference. 

I self reported the incident to the department of health and human services and there is an investigation into the incident to determine if I was negligent in my duties. It is mandatory to self report these instances. The investigation will be resolved soon. 

My question is this. If the state rules in my favor and finds that I wasn’t negligent in my duties would I have a case for wrongful termination? Typically I wouldn’t consider litigation but since then life has been very difficult. I have lost patients before but it has never been alleged that I was negligent in my care. It really set me back mentally (as well as monetarily) and my confidence has been virtually nonexistent. Not only that but with the investigation outcome looming overhead it’s been extremely difficult to find any work in my field. 

Prior to this I had never received any form of verbal or written notices about performance issues and as far as I knew I was a model employee. Thanks for any advice you are able to provide.  That was my understanding for my entire life but a lot of (not law professionals) people have told me otherwise so I figured I would ask somewhere that would actually know.  No, you can be fired for them thinking you did something wrong, whether you actually did or not.  You have a very hard and stressful job. Sometimes mistakes happen, and you didn’t know all of the information you know now. You’re in a bad situation now but just give it time to see what happens with the investigation.  Yea it definitely sucks. Fortunately I’ve been doing this long enough that I understand that. This just happened to be the first time it was alleged that it was my fault. My brain knows it’s not my fault but that hasn’t stopped me from picking apart the situation and finding stuff I would do differently now that I have all the information.  You’re an at will employee. They don’t need a reason to fire you, they just can. I’m sure it was related to losing a patient which sucks because it’s going to happen at some point, but I don’t think there’s much you can do.  Thanks I didn’t think I would.  &gt; If the state rules in my favor and finds that I wasn’t negligent in my duties would I have a case for wrongful termination?

No