I am a Michigan resident living in Florida for school as a student. Once I graduate I intend on moving back to Michigan. My mom’s name is on the title of the car I was driving and she has me listed on her insurance policy for the car. A few weeks ago I was driving in Florida and was in an accident. I was at a stop sign and a driver turning left ran into me. The officer wrote me a ticket for failing to yield to right of way and indicated $500 in damage to the other person’s car. I’m currently scheduled for trial just after the new year to fight the ticket as I was yielding and completely stopped when the other driver collided into me. At the site of the accident the officer took my license and insurance information and didn’t say anything about either of them. 

Yesterday I receieved a letter in the mail at my Florida address (the address the officer asked for) from the Florida Department of Motor and Highway Vehicles (or whatever it’s called). It says that I am the owner of the vehicle involved in the accident that resulted in damage and am required by law to have both PIP and PDP coverage. The document says to fill out the form and mail it back in, otherwise my license will be suspended. 

Now, with my mom, we do have both of these coverages but the policy is for Michigan, where my mom lives and I am considered a permanent resident. The document Florida wants me to fill out is specifically requesting a “Florida auto policy number” which I don’t have because my auto insurer is in Michigan. The document is also requesting for insurance information from the owner of the vehicle, but is addressed to me (my mom is technically the owner as only her name is on the title). 

There isn’t a number to call and I don’t really feel like I need to give them any information because I’m concerned that Florida is going to force me into getting a Florida license, plate, etc. and I plan on moving back to Michigan within the next 2 years after I graduate. (This fear stems from a co-worker of mine who said she was forced by the state to switch plates and her license within 3 months of moving down here even though she wasn’t planning on staying here forever.) So, my gut reaction is to just ignore it because there’s so many things that are inconsistent on the document they mailed me. But I don’t trust the state of Florida to admit they messed up...So how do I provide insurance information for a car I don’t own in a state that I don’t legally live in so I don’t get my license suspended? Or can Florida even suspend my Michigan license?  From what I understand, as a student I am just a temporary resident of the state I’m going to school in and a permanent resident in Michigan.  Do you have to switch your license or because you’re a student it’s okay? If so I would get the report then take all your paperwork in and explain your situation. It sounds like the cop people raced through it and didn’t look at your unique situation  It sounds like you're covered then, you did all the right steps.

[From what I'm reading here](https://www.dmv.org/fl-florida/accident-guide/), if the officer filed a report, you don't need to, that was the only other thing that I was thinking of.

As the DMV is unlikely to force you to register here (I'm in FL as well), I wouldn't worry about providing them this information, and it may be important to do if they can mess with your license (which I'm not sure about).  But to be safe, and to get directions on their request, I'd try to call and ask what you're supposed to put there.  The number and other contacts/resources [can be found here](https://www.flhsmv.gov/contact-us/).  It's better than risking losing your license! We looked into this when I first moved down here and the Florida DMV wants my title and insurance information. However the title to the car is in my mom’s name and she is the primary carrier. Nothing is in my name so I have nothing to switch.  Yeah, I figured as such. I will contact the local insurance agent my mom goes to and ask for advice. Thank you!  My insurance knows I’m in Florida. My mom went and spoke with our local agent when I first moved down here.  You/your Mom probably needs to contact the Michigan insurance company and let them know what's going on (and hope that your insurance covered you outside Michigan and didn't require you to pay for some sort of rider for a car garaged in Florida).  Your hoping this will go away is not a wise course of action. I haven't been able to dig too far, but there are often exceptions to this for full time students who still have their parents' home as their primary address.  I'm unsure how reliable AAA is about these things, but [they say it isn't required](https://drivinglaws.aaa.com/tag/registration-for-non-residents/).

That being said, if OP's insurance wasn't notified about the situation, that may be a problem. It looks like you only had 30 days to switch your licence and register your car. Yes, they can suspend your licence.
[DMV](https://www.dmv.org/fl-florida/new-to-florida.php) 