Hello. I'm hoping to find help on here maybe perhaps. I'm 22/M and have lived in Texas for 20 years.

My mother brought me here illegally (as you already know) and now that I'm an adult my life have effectively come to halt. I can't go to college and have difficulty finding a job and I've been depressed about it for years now.

My mom herself is here on a work permit and had to smuggle me in cause apparently my dad didn't deem it necessary to register me as a baby. I was basically in a backwater clinic, specifically, in Honduras, more specifically in San Pedro Sula, which apparently has one of the highest murder rates in the world so I've been a bit skeptical about trying to get myself deported, an option I'm considering if all else fails.

While there are other undocumented immigrants living here for years working just fine, I'm somewhat ashamed to admit I can't really work in typical jobs like construction and landscaping. I'm physically quite frail, my skin is white and sunburns easily, and am often confused for a woman from a distance. Also, I'm pretty effemomate in general. I grow my hair out and wear makeup and dress androgynously sometimes, basically an anime pretty boy. Point being, that I'm just not fit for intense manual labor and am often shunned in my community.

I had all advanced classes in high school, was fairly popular if a bit secluded. Anyway, I was well on my way to a bright future until my legal status threw me into an abyss I can't climb out of. I could, for example, very easily pass a citizenship test if I could take one.

I managed to get a passport a year ago but without a valid social security, I still can't really do anything. My mom thought I'd grow up into a proper working man so she never bothered doing anything until recently and also I'll admit I don't know very much about these things either. I tried getting into DACA but I'm not sure if that still works considering who's currently president. I've also found an immigration attorney but I don't really know what it is they do exactly and my mom is of no help.

Last thing to note, I have a sister who turns 21 in one year. I could also just wait it out just a bit more so she can sponsor me. And finally lastly and definitely least, I'm also strongly considering suicide, but you know.

Any advice would be appreciated and I don't really know what else to add so ask me stuff if you want. contact a immigration lawyer ASAP.  DACA isn't cancelled but not accepted either right now. It's off the table.  Have you tried applying for DACA? on a high level it is applicable in ur scenario. It is not cancelled by the current administration. Hondoras passport. It has no stamps though so I'm not sure what good it would do. &gt; I managed to get a passport a year ago but without a valid social security

May I ask if that's genuine US passport you mentioned here. You definitely need to speak with the immigration attorney that you have been in contact with. Your case is most likely beyond the scope of this subreddit. Just make sure that he is a legitimate immigration attorney (license to practice law in your state and not currently ineligible to represent somebody before an immigration court) as there's some shady people (notarios) out there preying on the immigration population.  Work with the immigration attorney, that's the only answer. This is not something you can do on your own.  You should talk to an immigration attorney. If you call the bar association in you area they should be able to give you some referrals, hopefully even some that can work with you on a sliding scale.  r/immigration