 The Super Bowl is one of the biggest events that happen during the year. Earlier in 2018, there was a petition for Maroon 5 to play "Sweet Victory" during the super bowl. The petition reached [over 1 million votes](). However, the performance was underwhelming and with all the hype leading up to it, you know that the NFL benefited from all those non-football players who wanted to watch them sing "Sweet Victory". Instead of Maroon 5 singing the song, we only got Squidward introducing some rapper. By the looks of it, people were not impressed with the recognize even though I'm glad something happened. With all the hype surrounding, can't we assume that everyone expected them to actual singing the song. The petition did state in the title "Have “Sweet Victory” Performed at the Super Bowl" which NFL did not follow through with. According to [this site]() (I'm asking here still), it states: . By an advertisement may also be “false” based on what it doesn’t say. If important information is omitted from an advertisement and the consumer wouldn’t have bought the product or service had they known the truth, the consumer may be able to sue the company for this [failure to disclose](). Since NFL didn't state what was gonna happen and they didn't actually perform what the petition stated, could it be considered false advertising? I mean, the hype leading to the performance, don't you think the NFL could have benefited from all the views for the game?  Some rapper? SoMe RaPPer?!?!!?! You are calling Travis 'Sicko Mode' Scott just "some rapper"? Fuck your whole crew.  't state what was gonna happen and they didn't actually perform what the petition stated, could it be considered false advertising? What? No, of course not. The fact that some third party created an Internet petition for the NFL to do something does not constitute an "advertisement" by the NFL, nor does it obligate the NFL to behave as directed by the petition. They aren't even required to respond to the petition in any way. What? No. You have literally no damages. Maybe grow up. Why you heff to be mad? Is only game.  But the advertisers didn't make the claim and the NFL didn't get extra money because their advertisers thought they were playing spongebob. But you have no damages to sue for. You were not harmed in any way. There was no obligation to play the song.  This is the worst super bowl in awhile considering the Rams are only in it because of a lucky non call. Why does it surprise anyone that the halftime show is awful too? Not that I know of, no. They did hype it up with a quick glimpse of Spongebob on Adam Levine's Instagram. They acknowledge the petition which was asking to perform sweet victory on his Instagram but never actually stated it and I doubt they would've/ No but they advertisers could've benefited from any extra views.  You should sue and demand all your money back. Location: Atlanta, Georgia No. It’s not false advertising.  Did they ever actually say that it would be performed or just that it would be part of the halftime show? Also, what damages do you have? They didn't make any extra money because you watched. 