I am in Indiana.

&amp;#x200B;

My child's elementary school is instituting a policy of refusing to allow parents to pick up children during school hours without a doctor's note or in a family emergency. Their rationale is "safety" (I haven't been given a more detailed explanation than that).

&amp;#x200B;

Is this legal? If a parent were to pick up their child and school officials adamantly refused to release the child to their parent, what actions could a parent take?

&amp;#x200B; Everyone in the office. But as u/th5738 said it is not on you to determine that. Yes

Edit: he/she says they see the kids nights and weekends. That's basically all the time except when they're at school. It's ok to not take the kids out of school for lunch. It's weird that a father who works long hours takes one of his children out for lunch once in three weeks? Really? Frankly, yes this is weird. You aren't doing your kids any favors showing them that the school rules don't apply to them as long as mommy says it's ok (you mentioned below that they usually miss part of class). If you must eat lunch with your kids you should do so at the school cafeteria even if they would prefer to go out. You're the parent, you make the rules not them. When I was growing up my mom would eat in the cafeteria with me sometimes. I do it now with my kids. That's a much more typical way to do it. I have offered to do this with my kids, but they always want to go out. I think they like the one on one time. But yes, I've got no problem doing this. OF course, this merely bypasses the legal problem... I respect these sorts of policies, of course, even if they are not legally enforceable. Pickup/bus/walk time is difficult if kids are leaving early.  The police will make an initial determination at the time, and the district attorney would decide whom to prosecute if they choose to do so.

You don't need to figure out who's liable - just report the facts.

It may multiple people - the office staff who denied you access (especially if it's a locked door they have to buzz you through so they are physically separating you from your child), and the school or school district and its main decision maker who made the policy.

 NAL.  I am a teacher.  At my school we have a sign up that states no child can be picked up after 2:15.  It is posted on the door and in the office.  However, the school can’t enforce it because a parent can check a child out anytime.  Perhaps this rule is similar. Teacher here...our school encourages parents to come eat lunch with their child in the school cafeteria.  My kiddos love this and any parent who shows up is immediately bombarded with love (I teach first grade).  Would this possibly be a good compromise? Sometimes, yes. They have 30 minutes for lunch and I'd say more often then not, we're away for 35-40 minutes. So are they missing class for the lunch? There is a certain argument against educational disruption, especially if your kid is walking back late into class and disrupting the flow for other students. Follow up question in case this indeed does happen. Who is liable for detaining my children? Is it the secretary? Is it the principal? Not yet, I was just told by the secretary yesterday when I went to get my oldest. She says it will be implemented next year. Public school. I have three kids. One per week. Each of my kids has one lunch with me for every 15 times they have lunch at school. Is that weird?

&amp;#x200B;

I work all day and I only get to see my kids (all together) on evenings and weekends. That 30 minute lunch once every three weeks might be some of the only alone time that child and I get to spend together. Call the doctor's office to fax over a notice of appointment. I'm sure that will please many already busy doctor's offices. If a parent shows up and the school isn't going to release them for these reasons, they need to call the police and inform them of the situation. If  it's a custody issue, the office should have a file on the child with the legal paperwork says who should be able to pick the child up. My kid's file has a note should my ex ever get a bug up his butt to travel 1000 miles to pick up the kids saying they'll call me.


It always boils down to someone will and should call the cops. Get the rule in writing, then call the police.  [removed] the only way i can see a school not releasing a child to a parent is if the child has shown signs of abuse and they are waiting for the child protective services. it could also just be a blanket policy that keeps a divorced parent from kidnapping a child because the schools cannot keep track of what day witch parent picks up or drops off children. and if the parent doing the kidnapping takes the child out at 10 am and the other one does not know until 3 pm it gives the kidnapping parent a 5 hour head start. Question- how on earth is a parent/guardian supposed to produce a doctor's note in advance of the doctor's appointment you'd presumably be picking your child up for? Well OP is only doing it once a week apparently.  [removed] Unless I’m mistaken OP stated weekly, implying once a week, rather than daily. I might be misunderstanding it though.  [removed] [removed] Schools administrators are under the impression they make law. They do not.

A parent can call the police and say their child is being held by people who refuse to release them to your legal custody. I would hazard a guess that they’re trying to cut down on excessive call-outs. Taking him out literally every day still seems kind of weird. It’s the one period of time for unstructured socialization with his friends, and you’re pulling him every day. 
 
Special occasions, sure. Have at it. But every single day is probably deemed excessive. The school has an obligation to make sure they know where the kids are (in case of emergency). 
 
They likely legally can’t prevent you from taking him every day, but perhaps they’re trying to politely tell parents that pulling kids for lunch *every day* is a bit excessive.  My son's elementary had an option where they could go home for lunch. I had lunch with him every day. Sometimes,  I'd grab my mom, my son and my niece who went to the same elementary school as my son, and we would get a pizza at a local restaurant.  It's not as uncommon as you think. Our dad/son lunches are some fond memories of mine. [removed] You take your child/ren out of school every week to have lunch with them?
 
That seems highly, highly unusual. At least it would have been extremely weird when I was a kid. Why aren’t they eating it school with their peers. 
 
Sounds like they want the kids to have uninterrupted school days.  Is it a public or private school?  Schools can only refuse to release a student for a couple specific reasons.  They must be able to identify the person and match it to their list of approved people to release the child to and for child safety (ie parent shows up drunk).  Truancy policies may be applied for missing school time and private schools could enforce a policy that would have the child evicted, but I do not see how they could simply refuse to release the child.  For lunch with the kids, most schools allow parents to eat with them at the school.  It also gives you the chance to get to know the staff better.    Stop guessing.  Comment removed.  You're on your last leg here.   Do you have a written copy of the new policy?  &gt;I was wondering if it would in fact be crazy to call the cops--but so far it seems like folks believe it may be an option. I wouldn't want to call police, but I also see the enforcement of this policy as something like kidnapping. I mean, even if I just want to have lunch with my elementary-aged son or daughter, I don't see how a school has the right to refuse to release my child to me.  
&gt;  
&gt;I accept that it is reasonable for a school to verify an adult's identity. I also accept that it is reasonable for any consequences due to an unexcused absence to be applied.  
&gt;  
&gt;  
&gt;  
&gt;I don't like the idea of calling my weekly lunch with my daughters a "family emergency", but I see your point.

&amp;#x200B; [removed] IANAL. Schools can not keep children away from someone with custody of them. They can, however, refuse to release children if that adult is unable to prove that they are authorized to care for the child. [removed] You could say it’s a family emergency. 

That failing, I’m sure a call to the police would be effective.  