I'll try to make this story short. Might be a long one, so hold on. Also, this has been cross-post at r/badroommates

Earlier this year, a friend and his wife asked me to be a roommate when said friend's stepfather gave them a few days to find a place. I agreed and became a co-signer on a lease for a two bedroom apartment.

Months passed and I regretted joining them since I became something of a nanny for them -- when they're off work, they just take up space in the living room, doing nothing else but watch TV. Or, in the case of G, play video games all day. An annoying habit I had to put up with for some months until I got a second job and spent more time away from the apartment.

Then some strange things started happening around the apartment sometime in summer and then onward: the internet router started acting up, cutting off connection at random intervals. This pissed off the roommates so much (as expected from lazy people), they had to start messing around with it, making it worse. Every time they did this, the internet provider repair guy came in and fixed it. Same thing happened some days down the road and the roommates make an 'emergency call' for the repair guy. These guys eventually started charging me small fees for this. When the router crapped out again, G and his wife would plug into the ethernet cable while I was left without any connection until wifi worked again.

It got pretty bad one day when this happened: I got back at work to find all of G's game consoles were gone from the living room. G's wife told me there was some kind of clear substance around G's console ports. I looked at it and saw it looked like dried glue. G claimed it was a power surge that caused it (which is bullshit, anyone can see that). To finally top it off, the retard superglued his ethernet cables into the router. I knew it was him because he just has to have his free internet. To replace \*that\* one, I had to pay $50.

Enough was enough. I'm paying too much for these two to live a cozy life, so I moved the router into my room and told them I can't be paying this anymore, I have to watch over the router. The two of them were like scolded children (which is kind of true when I think about it) and the wife said it won't happen again. (She was always the reasonable one; G is too childish for any real responsibility.)

Everything was right for a while... until the router had some hiccups again. Small ones, like cutting off wifi for an hour, then back up. Minor inconveniences... but these turned out to be a big enough deal where G had to go into my room to mess with it again when I was away. And I know it was him because I specifically made adjustments to the router's configuration and all of it was back to default when I came back. I made the configurations again and began locking my room whenever I left. If the router crapped out again, they'll have to wait until I come back.

I was out on a delivery out of state when I texted G's wife I restored the router. She was quick to jump back on it and thanked me. I also texted her I was aware of her husband going into my room and screwing up the router, adding I'd appreciate it if no one goes into my room again. She didn't text me after that.

This was the start of everything going down hill.

When I came back, G paid no attention to me at all, never talked to me or anything. That was fine by me; the lease we signed isn't over until next January and if he's not a pest anymore, we'll get along fine. Some weeks ago, though, his wife told me they wanted to have the internet under their name. After everything they done to the router and costing me so much money, they want to have control over the internet. \[NOTE: I'm was the only one on the contract. I'm paying the full monthly bill of $70.\] To think such lazy people could just get whatever they wanted without contributing anything aggravated me. I didn't take it out on her or G; I just went on with my life.

I talked with friends about these two. They told me since I'm the one paying for the internet and they're just hoping on it for free, I could legally deny them access, but I couldn't charge them legally for it either. (Having them pay for something that isn't on contract is tricky.) Giving it some thought over a few days (while out of town), I texted her and said I wasn't going to hand over the internet contract; I told her I paid almost $800 in bills for internet I've barely used (since I wasn't home that often) while they got a free meal off me. Together, their share of the bill would be less than $530. However, I wasn't asking for the money, but I was going to limit their access until my part of the lease is over. They needed less internet and get out of the apartment more often and I wasn't going to bust my ass so they could be lazy.

She never replied.

Days later -- not too long ago -- G texted me saying I broke and stole their stuff. They want me out now and he'll be pressing charges. He also said his wife is terrified of me. I asked him what did I broke or stole, adding he took advantage of my generosity over these months. Also, if his wife had a problem, she could text me.

No more responses. When I got home that night after work, a vacate the premises paper for me to fill was taped to my bedroom door. Since then, G has been hostile, threatening to call the cops on my and forcing me out of my own home.

Now here's the thing... I looked through the lease and it said I can't be kicked out unless the landlord does it. But I've yet to talk to her about it, which I will shortly after posting this.

Besides that, Redditors, what else can I do about this?

Feel free to ask for more details if you're confused about something.

ADDED NOTE: Talked with the landlord about the situation. By law, the roommates can't kick me out legally and the landlord has to have a good reason to cut me out of the lease. (She said the roommate didn't tell her why he got the Intent to Vacate papers.)

&amp;#x200B; Checked with the landlord the other day. She said, legally, the apartment is still my home and they can't kick me out. But that won't stop G from trying to intimidate me: he always has to try to dominate others to get what he wants (this includes the small things, like conversations).

I've been to the apartment last night after his wife gone to bed (the light from the living room is a give away)  to start moving my stuff into a rented storage space. Check your State laws, but if you do go back you might want to invest in a camera for your room. [deleted] &gt;As I am reading this, at present, all that has happened is some freeloaders moved out and crop dusted you on the way out to make you paranoid.  They really have no more authority to do anything other than that.

Since I've been sleeping in my car, I haven't checked if they have moved out. Knowing them, they're too lazy to do all that work. They're definitely freeloaders -- they do have a history of taking advantage of other's generosity. From what little I saw about the apartment before all this came down, everything was the same; all worn down and dirtied by their laziness to clean up after themselves.

So far, I haven't been contacted by any authorities.

&gt;I think you should relax, and wait to see if they do something specific that you can address.

That's all I can do. Thanks for the quick reply.

&amp;#x200B; &gt;That's the thing. I haven't an idea what he has on me to press charges. From what I read, only the prosecutors could press charges. That is, if the police decide to go after me (if they bother at all.)

This is correct.  All they can really do is call the police.  

&gt;  She said they haven't gone to her about kicking me out; 

You have a lease.  You can only be evicted **by your landlord** for violating your lease.

As I am reading this, at present, all that has happened is some freeloaders moved out and crop dusted you on the way out to make you paranoid.  They really have no more authority to do anything other than that.

They might make stuff up and report you to your police or landlord, who might have authority to do something. They might take you to civil court over something.  And, a judge can cast a verdict against you, in theory. But, they have no authority to do anything against you directly.

I think you should relax, and wait to see if they do something specific that you can address. That's the thing. I haven't an idea what he has on me to press charges. From what I read, only the prosecutors could press charges. That is, if the police decide to go after me (if they bother at all.)

I already talked with the landlord about this. She said they haven't gone to her about kicking me out; G just got the Intent to Vacate paper and taped it to my room door. If I was to get out of the lease, the other have to sign a new contract with just their names on it. Good luck OP Theoretically, they could pull something like filing a restraining order against you and/or claiming that you illegally evicted them.

But, you have not disclosed anything that would suggest that to be successful.

Beyond that, the thought that they could somehow evict you is pretty bizarre.  Your landlord would need to do that, and he would need to prove in court that you violated your lease.