The agent had a well-rehearsed script ("I cannot legally advise you to back up onto the freeway, and your only other choice is to pay") and I suspect the parking lot makes a lot of money off drivers who accidentally take that exit.  

The exit sign was not clear that it only led to a parking lot.  What recourse do I have?  I got a credit card receipt, so I don't think I can dispute the charge, and it was only a nominal amount anyway.  Mostly I want to prevent this from happening to other drivers.  Is a consumer protection complaint appropriate here?   /u/locationbot recall Because you're lying about being a lawyer, and I don't choose to waste any further time with you. They understand that it is not contract law because they know what they are talking about and you don't. If you are so sure that you know everything about this situation then why did you even bother posting here if all you are going to do is argue when you are not told what you want to hear? Why don't you actually explain your reasoning rather than attacking me?  I explained mine.   Say there was no signage and the cost was $100.  Then is it contract law?  If not, what kind of law?  I am genuinely mystified by how you don't think this is contract law.   Nope. Nope. Nope. I was just trying to get back to Main street after dropping someone off.  And I literally am a lawyer, are you telling me that you never misspeak?  I was trying to say that it's not super clear to me what agency would handle this kind of complaint.  And I brought up contracts to demonstrate why I believe the parking lot is in the wrong (because they are forcing people to enter into transactions that they didn't agree to).  So if you have actual helpful ideas, please let me know.   You would have to agree that going into a paid lot is typically a contract, right?  A bargained-for exchange of valuable consideration (money for parking, which is a service).  But duress voids a contract because it negates the required consent to enter into a contract (meaning it wasn't actually a bargained-for exchange).  That's what a contract of adhesion is--one that you literally have no choice but to enter into.   Dude, I fly in and out of John Wayne airport all the time. You didn't just suddenly end up there assuming "Main Street Parking Only" means "Main Street and "Parking." There are a bajillion signs you would have had to ignored. 

What I suspect really happened is you thought you could avoid airport traffic and lights and got stuck. The reason I suspect this is people do it all the time. All the time, all the time. It seems like it is a shortcut, or should be. Yet nobody who tries to use it this way ever seems to wonder why they are the only one. 

I adore your argument with u/UsuallySunny over contract/agency law, though. It was the highlight of my day. It never fails to amaze me when people attempt Googling their way into an comprehensive understanding of a legal concept while having a debate with an actual lawyer. We don't just learn how to Google various laws in law school, incidentally. We need to understand a bit more than just how to find information in practice. 

But please do try to bring a class action against them anyway. Post results pls.   I am honestly completely mystified about how the contributors on this thread don't recognize that this is contract law.  It's such a clear fact pattern.  You don't think so?   It was a transaction that I had no other choice but to agree to.  That is literally what a contract of adhesion is.   Go ahead and spend your time on it.  "I can't follow extremely clear signage and had to pay $2" is certainly the kind of argument that's sure to get a lot of prompt attention. Yeah, except no lawyer would call that "agency law."

If you're going to lie, just go elsewhere. Nope.  Not that either.  But keep throwing out words you google, eventually you might hit on one. I think it falls pretty squarely into a contract of adhesion.   Bullshit. Agency law as in administrative agencies, not fiduciaries, etc.   You are completely right.  Did I say anywhere in this thread that I want to file a class action suit?  I'm saying that it's in the spirit of a class action suit--a small injustice that sucks for a lot of people, but not enough to do anything about it.  Knowing that, I'm trying to be the one to at least raise it with some kind of agency so I can feel like I didn't just let it go, knowing that it would happen to other people.  I also feel like of all places, OC might have govt agencies that are at least somewhat responsive to a legitimate complaint.   You didn't go to law school. Anyone who did would know the answer to this question, and the practicalities surrounding it.

If you insist on lying, we really are done here.

&gt; I'm shaky on agency law and I'm trying to figure out which agency would handle complaints for this kind of thing.

That isn't what "agency law" means -- as any lawyer would know. You have no proof that anyone makes this mistake with any frequency -- because you have to completely ignore a crystal-clear sign to do so.  So it is de minimis.

But, sure, knock yourself out.  Spend the next few weeks calling decreasingly qualified and reputable attorneys.  You still won't find one to take this on, because even getting through a class certification motion, in the type of case where the putative class members can't easily be identified, can cost at least $10k the lawyer would have to be willing to pony up.

But go ahead and try, because you are out half the cost of a latte, after all.   Or maybe I went to law school because injustice really bothers me?  I don't like getting taken advantage of and I don't like the fact that the parking lot is profiting off this.  But it's not like I'm going to go to small claims court over $2.  Again, I don't care about the money.  I'm shaky on agency law and I'm trying to figure out which agency would handle complaints for this kind of thing.  I have it narrowed down to consumer protection or transportation. LOL.  Nope.  Because no lawyer would be wasting this much effort on $2. Yep. See: class action lawsuits.  "De minimis non curat lex" doesn't apply when a small injustice is being inflicted across a wide number of people by a business.  It applies to one-off disputes between private individuals.   Yes. Are you? Oh, for heaven's sake.

The legal phrase you need to be looking up is "de minimis non curat lex." $2.  But again, it's not about the money, it's about this being an unfair business practice.   
 It's not enough money for any one person to be motivated to pursue it, which could be a significant financial boon for the parking lot.  I imagine a few people a day must make the mistake that I did.   Yes it is, it's an exchange of a service for money.  Are you actually a lawyer?   It's not a contract law issue. Again.  How much did you actually pay? Also, if you look at it from a contract law standpoint, this wasn't a bargained-for exchange.  I didn't receive any kind of benefit, and I certainly didn't consent to the transaction by driving up to the entrance gate.   I thought the sign meant "Main Street" and "Parking."  And in this case, I spoke to an actual person who gave me the ultimatum of putting myself into extreme danger or paying the parking fee.  The person could have just opened the gate to let me through.  It's an unfair business practice.   You can complain to the company, you can complain to the airport authority, you can complain to anyone you want.  At the end of the day, this was your error.  You had to completely ignore the sign to end up at the parking lot.

There are plenty of fully automated parking lots you can't get out of without paying, either, even if you turned in accidentally and had no choice but to enter because of people behind you. Got it, it happened quickly and I'm new to the area, so that may be the case.  Regardless, I followed the part of the exit that had that sign.  Yeah, and I don't care specifically about getting my money back, I'm mostly trying to figure out the appropriate place to make a complaint.   Yeah, I know that exit.  When you said you "took the wrong freeway exit, leading solely to a gated parking lot" that wasn't true, because the exit does not lead solely to a gated parking lot.  You got there because you went the wrong way after the exit.

What did you pay, for one hour?  It is off the 405, and I got there by taking a wrong turn from John Wayne airport. The sign that I followed said "Main Street," and then below that it said "Parking." I thought this meant I could get to Main Street, but it only led to the actual lot "Main Street Parking." It looks like the lot might be affiliated with the airport, but it's run by a private company. [removed] What exit of what freeway was this? [removed]