About six months ago my car was crashed into while it was parked. Body damage and mechanical damage occurred. I used a Geico recommended repair shop (they have an onsite office and adjusters at the shop). A couple of weeks later my car was ready for pick up. I drove the car a few blocks and it was making a ton of noise, and the steering wheel was knocking when I turned. I brought it back in. I was told it was probably the rack and pinion. A week later the car is ready again, I pick it up.. same thing but now even worse. The car went back to these guys 7 times. At one point they told me that Geico doesn't approve new OEM rack and pinions so they installed a reconditioned aftermarket r&amp;p. At the last visit they said they were going to try to get Geico to approve a new OEM r&amp;p, which a few weeks later they supposedly did. If you haven't guessed yet, the car was still screwed up. I had enough, called Geico and had them let me bring the car to Subaru (My car is a Subaru Crosstrek). I told Subaru the whole story, the guy there said he had never heard of an insurance company not allowing new OEM parts on a repair. 

Later that day Subaru called me saying that they discovered that not only did the first shop ignore the actual problem with the car, they also installed a steering coupler backwards, which doesn't fit correctly, so they drilled holes through parts of it to make it fit. I was told this is crazy dangerous. The Subaru guy told me I was really lucky to have not ever lost control of the car. 

Subaru fixed the car in a few days and it's perfect now. My wife however is scared to even be in the thing. 

The car was in the shop for so long that I exceeded my limit for car rentals, had to pay for a couple of weeks if rentals out of pocket. And now with my wife too scared to even get in the car I feel like I have to sell this one off and get a new car. This whole ordeal has been a nightmare. 

Can the collision shop be held responsible for this? Or Geico?
If it matters we are in NYC.   No this is not Geicos fault. They paid for the repairs correct?

How much money are you out? 

You won't get anything for your wife being scared to drive the car. That's something she needs to get over. Cars can be completely mangled beyond comprehension and still be repaired to be road worthy. 