I went to a private university in Pennsylvania over ten years ago and failed out. Recently I decided to go back to school, have been in community college for a year and a half and am looking to apply to transfer schools this coming spring 2019. As all schools require you to apply with all previous transcripts of every school you've ever been to, I requested a transcript from the previous university and find out there is a hold due to unpaid debt - $30,000 and change. This amount isn't something I can realistically pay off for a decade or more, hence going back to school for better career prospects.

The school sent me an invoice/record showing the debt, but nothing that has my signature on it. I personally do not remember owing them anything, and was not kicked out due to lack of payment.

I want to know what kind of lawyers deal with this, most of my research leads to student loan attorneys, but there was no loan here. One attorney I asked recommended finding an attorney in Pennsylvania, one office in Pennsylvania recommended a consumer attorney in the state I live in (North Carolina). I am still looking around and calling for consultations, but wanted input if anyone has dealt with something like this in the past; whenever I look this up it is students who owe less than $5000, which while a lot can be done on minimum wage in a reasonable amount of time. Then you will need to settle this debt before they will release the transcripts. What they sent me does show the debt is for a semester I was on campus and took classes, unless my memory is off.

I don't have any documents, maybe my parents do. It wasn't a matter of deciding to stop attending, I was formally discharged from the school due to poor academic performance. Don't know why they let me go through the whole semester without payment though. They do seem to be valid charges for one semester (tuition, housing, regular fees). I did not drop anything, but don't remember what exactly happened as it was quite a while ago. You need to actually look at what the charges are for.  It sounds like when you failed out you had a semester that wasn't paid for, possibly because after failing out you didn't follow a process to deal with classes you had registered for.

"Failed out" isn't a simple thing. If you were not actually kicked out of college but got bad grades and decided to stop attending then you may have skipped a withdrawal process, leading to a semester you didn't pay for. Whether you "personally remember" or whether or not this document they sent you has your signature is not relevant. Did you review what they sent you? Are these valid charges? Did you drop classes before the drop date?