Hello. I live in Lexington, KY and work under salary for a small company based here. A little over a month ago my employer sent me and email regarding my wages being reduced from 18/hr salary to 15/hr salary with a document that I needed to sign. I called the owner and also sent out an email for physical proof stating I cannot accept the wage drop considering my financial situation. 

I was receiving my salaries wage as well as a mileage paycheck nearly the same amount as my regular paycheck. Using that for maintenance on my car and helping pay down student, credit card, medical debt etc to try and get into a better state financially. Well, losing that as well as lowering my salaried wage has been a rough time and I was wondering if I would have any legal precedent over them since I didn’t agree to my wage decrease and where I didn’t sign any documents  Welcome to the business world. Give your notice today and start calling your customers the day after your last day..  The only thing that they have to do is notify you that your wages are changing. 

Employment is an agreement, you agree to do certain work and the employer agrees to pay a certain wage for that work. At any point (with very few exceptions that don't apply here), they are free to decide that the work is no longer worth that and either reduce what they are paying or eliminate the position entirely. Conversely, you are entitled at any point to decide that the wage is no longer worth it and quit and find a new position. I have already applied other places. Just waiting on replies. I would go to a competitor but there are none in my area. But another option I may have is becoming the competitor. I haven’t signed any paper work regarding leaving and them restricting competition. Nothing in the hiring manual stated that either.  There is something you can do. Quit this job and get a new one, perhaps for a direct competitor. They can absolutely lower your wages without consent, they are only required to notify you that your wages are being changed.

 Okay. I didn’t think there was anything I could do but I couldn’t exactly find the right resources online. Thanks.  Absent an agreement that says your pay can only be changed by consent or for cause (which only exist for executives and in union contracts) you employer can change your pay at will, so long as the reason isn’t membership in a protected class (the big ones being race, color, national origin, sex, disability, religion, age which is 40+) or retaliation for engaging in some protected activities (again the big ones are some protected collective bargaining activities, filing wage claims, sexual harassment reports, reports to OSHA, use of protected leave such as FMLA).

If the pay cut is large enough you might qualify for partial unemployment, but $3 an hour probably won’t do it (though I don’t know exactly how much it would have to be cut in KY for you to qualify).  You can look for a new job, that’s about it.