3 months ago, I built a skateboarding halfpipe in my Brooklyn backyard after receiving permission from my landlord (I'm renting). [Here's a picture](https://imgur.com/a/pQIfA0L). Since it's a city, my backyard is relatively small and surrounded by other backyards. 

The ramp is big (30 ft long, 12 ft wide, 4 ft high) and somewhat loud, and has been upsetting a few neighbors due to the noise – particularly one couple who lives in a neighboring building. To keep everyone happy, I've been contacting all my neighbors promising only to do it during business hours, no weekends or after 5pm, no music, no parties, etc. Essentially, I only use it for a few hours every week and when almost everyone is away at work. 

Since it's a hip area, most neighbors are fine with it (or at least they say they so when I ask), but this couple from a neighboring building just told me they call 311 on me every time I use it, but that they always arrive after I've already stopped. No one from the city or 311 has ever come by. They've also texted me claiming they may start a neighborhood petition. 

I've tried reasoning with this neighbor, giving them my phone number, offering to only use it during a certain set of hours when they're out, trying to work around their schedules, yet all they say is that they want the ramp taken down. 

Is there anything I can do to ensure the ramp stays up? What should I do if 311 ever comes by / will they? They claim to have called 311 over 10 times, so it seems odd I've yet to encounter them, unless they're bluffing / 311 won't do anything. Any advice on this matter would be greatly appreciated! Thank you!  Nothing personal as to each their own, however I'd be pissed if you were making a racket on your ramp and I had to look at that out my window. 

Though you say you'd only do it when people weren't home or during certain times, a good amount of people work from home or different shifts and your noise is infringing on their peace and quiet. 

You've already said you are upsetting a few neighbors, I bet others haven't said anything and it's actually more than a few. Doesn't look permanent to me. Doesn't look anchored to the ground and looks like it could be moved if needed. (with enough manpower) [removed] Yeah, there's a decent chance you needed to have a permit to build any kind of structure. Depending on where you built it (within 3 feet of the property line using [sheds](https://www1.nyc.gov/site/buildings/homeowner/fences-and-backyard-sheds.page) as an example), there may be a requirement for it to be built using non-flammable materials Ah thanks, fixed the link. [https://imgur.com/a/pQIfA0L](https://imgur.com/a/pQIfA0L)

It is covered with graffiti, but all very tastefully done and nothing explicit. I also cover it with a brown tarp when I'm not using it, so it's barely visible next to the dirt ground.  You can ignore the neighbor for the time being.

This is likely all going to come down to whether or not the skateboard ramp is legitimate (permits, codes, etc.) or illegitimate (without permits, violates some city code, etc.).

If the structure and your use of it is legitimate, you can tell everyone to pound sand.  If it's not, then you will need to address those things.  So first thing to do is verify that the structure and your use of it is legitimate and you'd likely do that by getting in contact with the appropriate city offices. This sounds like a permanent structure, which was built without a permit, so it's probably an illegal structure.  You should check with NYC building codes.

To be honest, your landlord is a fool for allowing this.  The liability issues are huge, as it probably also creates an attractive nuisance.

If your neighbors want it down, they will probably eventually succeed.  It sounds like at the moment they are just barking up the wrong tree. The picture isn't there. Is it possible that this is an eyesore that they have to look at daily? Your landlord may have given you permission but I would be shocked if the insurance is okay with this.

It's possible you're violating something without having this permitted, but I'm not certain.  Permission at large from your neighbors is good!  Document it if you can.  A timeline of who was called and their response is good, including the neighbor's rejection.

Ultimately, you can't really do anything here until and unless you are actually confronted with something actionable.  They're allowed to not like it, but you have permission and for now that wins out.