I’m currently accepted into my dream nursing school and I need to pass stuff like drug screens, background checks, etc. 

Only problem is when I was younger I got arrested for something stupid like shoplifting makeup. I’ve had so much anxiety about it and get a panic attack anytime anyone mentions the words criminal or background checks. I don’t want this one dumb mistake I made when I was younger to affect my future. Now when they closed my case I was told this won’t be on my public record since it was my first (and hopefully) last time getting into trouble. So I was told I don’t need to tell any school or future employers that there has been an arrest.

Right now I passed a basic background check and everything else. But when they place us with agencies, some might require fingerprinting. Will that arrest turn up if I end up having to do fingerprints? Do I have to get it expunged even if it isn’t on my public record?  In this day in age, most criminal background checks using social security number and your other vital details are enough to get a full criminal history. Finger prints are a redundancy that exist for a few reasons, that a shoplifting offense will likely fall into.    That’s nice of you but I’ve already had to do one myself for a class I had to take and nothing came up. Basic background checks where I just had to input my name, dob, and license number. But with fingerprints background check I’m scared something will pop up in the system because when I was taken in I had my prints taken. I don’t know if you would know anything about how that works  If it's not on your public record, it won't show up on a background check. If I knew your information, I could run a background check on you.  I think it depends from state to state. The prosecutor told me that it won’t be on my PUBLIC record but it still leaves me anxious to whether colleges can access it.  They might be on your record. It's unlikely you'll be denied employment for that, however. Most people get into some kind of trouble when they were young, and they're generally looking for drug related charges or violent offenses. Stealing lipstick from CVS is usually not the kind of people they keep out of hospitals. People who are opiate addicts or sold drugs are the kinds of people they keeep out.  20 years old  How "younger" were you?  [removed] You’re fine anything you did under 18 is not on your record. Trust me on this I’ve had a lot of issues and never once has anything I have  when I was a teenager come up via fingerprinting or background check 