Hi all, in October 2017, our car (driven my by wife with 6-week old baby in backseat) got rear ended at a red light and totaled.  Luckily nobody was hurt.  The driver who hit our car presented an insurance card to the police at the time of the accident, but it turns out it was not a valid policy.  As such, the check that we got from our insurance company was less our deductible ($1,000).  Our insurance company tried for \~6 months to recover funds from the other driver, but finally gave up and said that it was up to us to recover the deductible via small claims court if we wanted to.

I recently filed the appropriate paperwork to initiate the small claims process against the other driver.  I've started gathering paperwork that I think will be relevant, but this is my first rodeo and I don't quite know what to expect in terms of what questions will be asked, what documentation I'll be asked to provide, etc.

I figure that at a bare minimum, I'll have:

* The police report saying that the other driver was 100% at fault
* A letter from her insurance company saying her policy was not valid at the time of the accident, and
* A letter from my insurance company saying the $1,000 deductible is being taken from our payout

The whole thing seems pretty cut and dry to me, but I am a legal noob.  Is there anything else I need?  Other questions I should expect the judge to ask?  How long will the hearing take?  Any other advice?

Thank you all. It certainly goes a long way.  But the police didn't see this person running the red light and didn't see them driving carelessly (I'm guessing it wasn't actually witnessed by the police).  But the statements made at the scene by the person who hit you should be in there and they may have admitted to it which goes much further.  This is all also just in case they dispute that they were at fault for the accident.  If they don't dispute that then this doesn't matter much. This is helpful, thank you.

In terms of establishing fault, I don't think there were any interviews with the other driver, but the police report not only states that the other driver failed to stop for a red light, it also reflects that she was ticketed for careless driving.  Wouldn't that imply fault? You need to prove 2 things

1.  The other party was at fault
2.  The amount of your loss.

Proving fault should be fairly easy since it's a rear end impact.  The police report should probably be sufficient for this since liability seems to be fairly clear.  Keep in mind though that police weren't there, they don't determine liability they just gather what facts they can after the accident happens.  Their opinion of fault is no more valid than yours or mine.  If the question of fault is more complicated (other driver says you cut him off and slammed on the brakes) then I would see if my insurance company ever did any recorded interviews with the other driver or has anything else useful for establishing fault.

Now to damages.  You may not need all this but this is what I would bring just in case.  You need to prove the damages to the car.  Photos and the estimate can be provided by your insurance company.  Then you need to show the value of your car, a copy of the total loss evaluation can also be sent by your insurance company.  You will want a record of payments that your insurance made, so if you had a leinholder you should be able to get a copy of the check the insurance sent to the leinholder.  And get a copy of any check insurance paid you.  It would help to have a "declarations" page from your insurance (this shows your deductible as well as your other coverages).  Usually the insurance can also send you a breakdown of the total loss settlement.  It would say the value of the car then any adjustments for condition, then it would add tax and registration and subtract your deductible.

A letter from his insurance saying he is uninsured isn't really useful but it doesn't hurt.  Even if he had insurance he would be liable for your damages it's just a difference of who is paying the bill in the end.

Small claims for something like this I would expect to last 10-15 mins.  It's pretty cut and dry, you present your evidence that they were at fault, then establish how much you were out and they get a chance to respond.  Small claims is pretty informal I wouldn't worry about it just have all of your paperwork ready and bring more than you would need.  More than likely all that's really needed in this case is the police report and settlement breakdown but it's better to be prepared.