Hi guys,

For some context my family lives in a fairly small, very quiet suburban neighborhood in the greater Seattle area. Houses are fairly close together and the neighborhood is built along a fairly steep hill (fairly relevant detail). We are renting the house so if there are any issues with neighbors they usually contact the HOA who contacts our landlord who gets in touch with my dad about what is going on.

My younger sister is in high school and her boyfriend drives a truck with the muffler removed so it is particularly loud. Loud enough to consistently wake me up inside the house when he pulls up. It is particularly an issue with the steep hill going through the neighborhood as any vehicle would need to exert some extra effort to get up. But with his truck it is extra loud. My sister also has friends come over sometimes late at night and they are hardly ever quiet.

Recently my dad has been getting notices from the land lord that some neighbors have been complaining about car noise in the neighborhood. Particularly from said truck which is usually parked near our house.

I was just wondering what might happen if police are called or if official noise complaints star to be filed? I'm not sure if my dad could be held accountable or if it might threaten our lease in the future. The situation is very annoying overall and any input would be much appreciated. 


TLDR
sisters boyfriend has a loud ass truck, neghbors don't like it and neither do I. Just want to know if my dad could be held accountable for potential noise complaints or if it might threaten our lease.

Thank you Ok, thank you Alright, thank you for your help Yes, it can be a big problem for your dad. The bf needs to get a legal exhaust system Yes, you father can be held accountable for noise complaints made against guests in his house and yes it could threaten your lease. Beyond that, the boyfriends's car probably has an illegally modified exhaust [http://apps.leg.wa.gov/rcw/default.aspx?cite=46.37.390](http://apps.leg.wa.gov/rcw/default.aspx?cite=46.37.390). A report to the police could potentially take care of that problem.