6 years ago when I was 17 I was having consensual sex with a guy, until it turned non-consensual after he took the condom off during sex without my knowledge. I specifically stated before we had sex that I do not have sex without condoms, ever.

I didn’t report it at the time because I didn’t think it would be illegal since I agreed to everything else. I tried to talk to a therapist about it, just to understand and she immediately called the cops and they came out to speak to me. I froze up and told them I didn’t want to press charges, because I was afraid of the guy and what my foster parents would think.

She wanted to get him on statutory because he was 18 but I refused.

It wasn’t until about last year that I learned that in some states this is considered equivalent to rape, although to me it doesn’t seem like that. I do, however, definitely think he’s a predator. He showed other predatory behaviors like trying to force me to perform oral sex and trying to get me to drink alcohol with him.

I want to report him, but I feel like the evidence is not in my favor so I don’t want to go through a trial or anything. I just don’t think my one statement would be enough to do anything. I want to report him just to get it out there, in case anyone else chooses to report him.

I was abused as a child by two people, and upon reporting them and actually having a full investigation go on absolutely nothing happened so I don’t feel confident in the law with just my statement alone.

I’m just looking for any advice at all really. I live in California by the way. The event happened Late July, Early August 2012. I’m not sure if the time frame is even relevant but maybe if the law wasn’t established to protect people who have been stealthed then it might be. The statutory part for sure is a misdemeanor if the difference is no more than 3 years. Looks like someone tried to legislate stealthing into the definition. 

It's not just that she doesn't want charges, but due to the other facts of the time lapse, no other evidence, and it being a third party report. I didn't say they won't investigate, but the investigation at this point can really only consist of interviewing the guy. If he admits to any sexual act at all during that time, then he could be brought up for the unlawful sex with a minor issue (edit: depending on their statute of limitations and such). &gt; In the last year or two there have been a few cases at least of people getting charged for it.

I'm not aware of any such cases in the US.

&gt; I felt like he should at the very least get assault because he could have given me an STD.

It's not assault, so he won't be charged with that.

The only thing illegal in your story is the statutory rape.  As I said, nobody can tell you but the police or an attorney with experience in these matters.  FWIW  I agree with you.  [deleted] [deleted] &gt;  This falls in that category. 

You're saying that removing a condom during sex is rape or sexual assault in the US? Or are you saying this is statutory rape because of her age at the time?

&gt; With you not wanting charges, the most likely thing is they'll talk to him, note what he says, then close the case.

Whether or not she wants him charged is largely irrelevant if the police investigate. If you feel that an assault took place, the best advice anyone can give you is to contact the police.  They will determine whether or not an illegal act occurred and attempt to prove it.

What happened to you is certainly disgusting.  However, it is likely that nothing criminal occurred.  There is currently a lot of debate about the proliferation of "stealthing", as the male perpetrators call it.  I actually can not find any information that would suggest any state has specific language to make this a criminal act. 

That should not stop you from reporting it. You can also contact your local rape crisis center for resources, which may include contacting an attorney.  Even if a criminal act did not take place, a civil tort may have taken place.  First off, any nonconsensual sex act, especially a penetrative sex act, is sexual assault/rape (semantic differences based on location). This falls in that category. 

Absent an admission of the act or other corroborating evidence, at most a report and brief investigation will be done. With you not wanting charges, the most likely thing is they'll talk to him, note what he says, then close the case. They may contact you afterwards if the interview gave them anything. 