This is a pre existing security company. I currently have no business with Marijuana businesses of any kind. 

The contract is physical security for their locations and transport for their money. I don't want to get dumped by my bank or get pulled into legal wrangling with the federal government. Could this be a problem for me? What type of lawyer do I need to proof a contract for a business like this?

There is a separate discussion of a chase vehicle for their product transportation. I have outright refused to transport marijuana for them. Would this be more or the same liability? That makes sense.
 It's possible. Dual sovereignty still applies. We are a nation that's divided into states. While you're a citizen of Florida, you're also a citizen of the United States. Both the state's laws and the nation's laws apply to you. Marijuana is still illegal pursuant to the laws of United States. Having said that, it's not really feasible for the U.S. to try to enforce those laws in states that have recognized medical marijuana because (1) there's so much of it in the state and (2) the jury pool would be made of jurors that know it's legal according to state laws. 

I don't know how that would mesh with any type of federal clearances you might have as a security firm. I would advise you to have whatever attorney you get go through all the applicable laws to see if there's an hiccups that might come up.  Thanks. 

This won't get me in trouble with the feds? I couldn't find any record of federal action against security yet. Im not sure I'm sure what to search for though.  Yeah, you just need a contract lawyer. Simple as that. But, you need a contract lawyer that's versed in the rules and regulations of medical marijuana. That shouldn't be too difficult to find since it's relatively new legislation.  Yeah Florida USA I assume this business is a marijuana company in a state where owning and operating a marijuana company is legal and they have all the proper licenses, permits, etc.?