 I was running by the fountain( I know stupid of me) and fell in a opening that wasnt properly secured. I dont believe my mother went to court for it but she told me she was given money. She didnt say how much money all I know is that she used that money for her and my little brother to go visit his father in another country. Now I'm curious and want to know how much it was. I was probably around 7 at the time. I still have a scar under my neck from it and I'm petrified of small places. I believe the fear came from me being trapped in the opening for a while before anyone was able to pull me out. Is there any way for me to find out how much she was given? The mall that I had the accident at is still around. I looked up online and it isnt showing up. I'm assuming she was paid outside of court so there wont be a record :/ It's not that. I don't want any money now. I'm curious. I wasnt raised by my mother.I was raised by my grandma. I guess it's more so for the principle of it. My mother spent it on herself and didnt use it towards helping me so I guess I just want to know how much the women who abandoned me recieved for me. I know in some places you can search court records by name (start with your mom) and see criminal and civil cases. If you find a case you might be able to pay a fee to get a copy of the judgement (if it got that far). If you need help a court clerk can point you in the right direction. Start with this and see where it takes you. If you are an adult now you MIGHT be able to request the settlement details from the mall but if I were them I would probably ignore your request unless it was a certified communication. You can ask your mother. You may be able to look up the case in an online court records system. Not sure why you would care though. The money paid out would be to pay for medical and therapeutic services which would have been costs legally agreed to by your legal guardian(s) and the malls legal representation. Its not like you can go back and ask for more or something, or that you would be owed any of that money.