 I was supposed to be paid at work on Friday. HR pulled my Deposit due to schedule changes they were still making at the last minute and gave me less than 24 hours notice I would be paid a week late. I told the person over payroll that I could not wait and I needed my check that day. This woman said no because I would need to contact my bank and ask them to reverse the direct deposit, which was not sent, so there was nothing to reverse. I insisted, firmly and directly that I needed my pay as I had direct debits coming out of my account and I did want to rack up hundreds of dollars in fees. This person then stated she didn’t care, it wasn’t her problem, and they were not responsible for how I pay my bills. When I left her office, I went directly to HR to report the issue and to get an emergency check cut as I needed my money and the reason my check was going to. Be a week late was due payroll and HR’s untimely processing of some paperwork and schedule changes. I had been assured I would have a check by the the associate director. Basically I sat in the lobby until I could speak to someone about this situation. Again, I directly requested the pay owed to me as I am living paycheck to paycheck and was down to my last few dollars. HR tried to get me to accept a letter stating I hadn’t been paid and asking the third parties to waive any late fees or bank fees. I flat out refused because I should not have to go around asking companies to waive fees and hope that they do so. I did agree that I would pay back any overages in my check and sign a document to that stated that. Because I asserted my right to be paid promptly and on time, the payroll person told HR I was aggressive with her, which was not true. I know the head of my department was told this as we talked about it briefly. If my employer chooses to terminate my employment or issues a corrective action, is that illegal as I linsisted to be paid on time firmly and directly. I saw in FLsA th at of employers willfully pay you even on day late you are entitled to double damages. Is it wrongful termination to fire someone in retaliation for asserting my right to be paid on time?  The best way to pursue wages is by filing a [Wage Claim](=en) via the state Department of Labor. It sounds like they probably did break the laws regarding pay periods and did not provide enough notice of a change, so the penalty will likely apply. Asserting your rights under FLSA and filing wage claims are protected under law and they cannot legally terminate you for either, however they can still terminate you for unrelated reasons. It is possible they might get away with claiming you were aggressive, but that it is unlikely a judge would allow that in this case without evidence (eg audio, video, or a police report). Their best bet would be other, unrelated, rule violations, as such would be hard for you to fight as an illegal dismissal.