So to start I got a Job Offer that I really would not like to mess up. A little background - my freshman year of college the FBI and postal inspection showed up and knocked on my dorm room door and I had a conversation with them for about an hour. 

While I did do something that was technically illegal, it was nothing close to what they were looking for (this was part of a big investigation, they said they had 30 other people to talk to that day) so they told me to "knock it off" and that I wouldn't hear from them again. 

My question is, would this be something that would show up on a background check? I'd really rather not disclose this to a company, but would obviously have to if it would show up. From what I've read only charges show up on background checks and there were nothing close to charges in this situation. Can anyone confirm this? The recruiter said they do a "very thorough" background check, although I don't think that means much. That's what I needed! Thanks so much. No more worries As a general rule, the EEOC considered the use of non-conviction records as bordering on illegal discrimination in the context of employment. Especially at the entry level. If you weren’t even arrested (let alone charged or convicted), it’s not an issue. 
 
You have a file in a warehouse and a line in a database somewhere in Virginia. 
 
Nolo (basic source): Ohio law allows employers to ask only about conviction records that have not been sealed and bail forfeitures that have neither been sealed nor expunged, unless the question bears a direct and substantial relationship to the job. If an applicant is questioned about a record that was sealed after a “not guilty” finding or after charges were dismissed, the applicant is entitled to answer as if the arrest and all of the ensuing legal procedures had never occurred.
 
The only time it might come up is if you apply to the FBI and they ask if you’ve ever been the subject of or a party to an fbi investigation.  That gives me relief. I've seen that background checks check FBI databases. While they were talking to me they did have a little file with my picture printed out. Do background checks only check said database for charges/citations?  No. If you didn’t get a citation for ordering (insert: drugs, identifications), then it won’t show up anywhere public.  Only thing I was ever charged with were two speeding tickets which she explicitly said would be ignored &gt; My question is, would this be something that would show up on a background check? 

Likely not, unless you were arrested for or charged with a crime at any point.

Simple talks with law enforcement generally don't go on a record that would appear on a background check.