So I live with a friend and her boyfriend and she has been trying to break up with him and get him to leave the house but he keeps threatening to do awful stuff and one of them is to let my cat out while no one is home.

My question is if he does let my indoor cat outside on purpose do I have any recourse? Can I call the police on him or what? IANAL 
But This likely would not work, depending on the state, if he has been living in the property for the minimum required amount of time to be considered a tenant. There is a process that must be followed to get someone out of a property and it can often get messy.  When you are not home, lock your room with the cat inside or keep the inside of a crate. Tell your landlord to change the locks on this ex-bf.  &gt; but then he could just credit card my door open.

That could easily be an actual crime. Set up a camera. If you catch him in the act take it to police and he may well be arrested.  I would advise also putting a GPS tracker of some sort or TabCat on your cat, which will help immensely in the event that you lose your cat because of this asshole. I put a TabCat on my cat after she got out of my house the first time and helped me greatly the second time when this happened. In other words, basically nothing. In my state a Tennant must be given 30 days notice prior to eviction. The police would require us to allow him to re enter the property until we show a notice from 30 days prior Informing him of his eviction. [removed] [removed] 1) chip your cat and register the chip. Collar and tag the cat. Just in case. 
2) crate the cat and lock the crate when you’re not home. Attach the crate to the floor or other furniture. I would suggest a large breed dog cage so you can fit a bed, food, and litter. 
3) lock your door when you are not home 
OR
1) rehome until this is resolved

I cannot give advice on how to remove the person. But I hope this helps.  Then he is a tenant. That still doesn't prevent you from calling the police if he threatens you or your roommate. Its better for kitty to be locked in the room until the psycho is gone than for kitty to be let out and die Thank you for the advice I really do appreciate it! Those are your options.

Good luck. I mean I could lock him in my room but then he could just credit card my door open. My room is also smaller than the size of a king bed so I don't really want my cat to have to eat where it shits yaknow.  The barrier for emotional damages is EXTREMELY high and this likely doesn't meet that.

Why can't you lock your cat in your room? Would I be able to sue for emotional damages? I'm just looking for something here that I can use to scare him with so he doesn't do anything. My cat is my family and only family at that. Value is the cost of the same or similar type of cat in the market.

Example: My 2005 honda civic is destroyed.  The current value is $1000 based on what others are buying it for in my area.  Therefore, I am entitled to $1000.

With a cat, the cost of a cat that is similar or the same is what you would be entitled to. It would be the depreciated value of the cat.  If your cat is 8 years old, it would be how much would an 8 year old cat, of the same breed cost you to adopt. How do you value something like that? Is my cats value just the cost of adoption?  He's not on the lease but because of the length of the time he's been living there he has tenant rights and needs to be given a 30 days notice. You and your friend should consider calling the police if he refuses to leave and isn't a tenant. If you've been letting him leave there he may legally be a tenant and have rights.

If he releases the cat you can file a police report and sue for the value of the cat if you don't get it back. Keep your cat locked in a crate or your room.

Doubt the police will give a damn.

You can sue for the value of the cat. [removed]