 Hello Reddit, This is the only bad experienced with the one nasty campus police because I never had bad experience with other police until then.Two months ago, i got pulled over by campus police that issued 4 tickets. 1 is for install illegal tint, 2-for operating tint on the highway (even though he pull me over at campus), 3 . for speeding (College speed limit is 15 and I wasn't going more than 22. I'm pretty sure of that because big SUV is tailgating me and i speed up a bit even though I can not speed much cus 4 cars in front of me) 4. for not stopping at the STOP sign (I do stop). I remember every detail of the event because I was in the small beetle and he was in the big SUV tailgating me which make me very uncomfortable at that time. When he pull me over, he don't even have courtesy to explained why he pulled me over.. like normal police officer he just asked my license and registration and ignored my question "why I got pulled over". Then he went back to his car for like 5-7 minutes and start taking about my tint, then he told me i was also speeding which i told him nicely that I was just going little faster cus he's tailgating me. After that he came back with 4 tickets, I never had that much ticket which is cost around $400. I'm like every other people trying to get better at life.. work at day time and study at night. I do not have $400 laying around, especially for the made up tickets. So i went to fought at court and explained to the judge that he was in the un-marked SUV. I admitted that I was guilty for the tint and i already fixed it which i bring the receipt and picture of my car...so the judge smiled and asked the cop does he have something to say...To my surprised, he told the judge that I was very argumentative (which i did after he issue me 4 ticket, i asked his name card and told him that I'll complaint about him and I did) go back to the story..he told judge that" I was so argumentative and he was scared for his life" Really...in the back of my mind is "did he just really say that, he was scared for his life from Asian girl that drive bettle and go the college?" He's a middle age strong white male, I don't think he should be a cop if he scared of a girl like me. Anyway, i got away with the ticket, no points i only have to pay $75, instead of $400. Only one thing is that I drove 2014, beetle GSR which is yellow beetle with race stripe and so obvious to spot. Because I complained about him to the police station even tho they do not take action on him...I already know that he might target me. After two months, I went to my evening class, when i parked i notice the car next to me parked so close so i back out quick cus my class started already. Which i didn't notice is I parked crocked cus i back out quick. After my class, I went back to my car and I saw the police car stopping behind my car and it was the same cop..he was taking picture of my car. So i approach to the cop car and asked him why are you taking picture of my car and he said " Because you parked over the line" Crap, yup im in the wrong but this type of thing normal good police would just warned you or let it go. Because it's 7pm in the evening and there's like 5 empty parking spots next to me. I know he was watching me every day and as soon as I make a mistake he trying to give me a ticket cus my car is easy to spot. Who is easiest to spot, ofcourse yellow bettle with the race stripe.Anyway, so i pull out my phone and told him that im recording him and sharing this on youtube for harassment. Normally, good police does not enforce small minor shit like this unless they are trying to be an asshole. Which is also why police like that loose trust with the community. I'm planning to complaint about him to the college Dean because last time i went to the campus police station. They just send me a letter after two weeks saying that they have a video record of it and calling it bullshit to my complaint pretty much. But on the letter they don't even spell my name right even though i fill out the form, which make me doubt they do really investigate. They can not even write a letter professionally and spell my name right. Can I asked for the video record of the first time that I got pull over? If the same police trying to harass me again, can I sue him? What is the legal fees range for that? Im planning to make a youtube video with his full name and picture, can I release that video legally on all social media platforms? I also would like to do the flyer with his full name and write a story to spread it around the campus...Can I do that? Is that legal?  . They can not just ignore without courtesy. That is what they teach you in your basic criminal justice class. That alone tells me that he's a bad cop. He's in unmarked vehicle, in my states unless he's in an investigator for drug abuse or something special case he's not suppose to pull you over in it. Yes, he can choose to pull you over ...and gave you as much as ticket he can but that is not lawful. That is why i got away at the court. No one go 15 speed limit at the college and i'm not going over 25 mph which mean you can enforce the law or use your power to abuse others even though you are in unmarked car . You can call me racist..but if you claimed you are scared for your life from Asian college girl who is unarmed..you're unfit for the cop. Even kid with commonsense know that. I guess you dont have one so be it.  [removed] I know you're not saying he was racist because he wasn't, I'm saying you want him to be and that's disgusting. Neither your race nor your gender give you a pass to intimidate others, and people of all races and genders can be intimidating. Saying he shouldn't be a cop if any Asian woman can intimidate him is racist as fuck. No, it's not harrassment. Stop doing things you can be ticketed for and your problem is solved, poof!  LOl... if a cop claimed he's scared for his life for asian girl that go to collge then he should not be a cop. I do not claimed he's racist, he's an asshole that made up stories infront of the judge because the judge is letting me go. He's watching me everyday just to gave me a ticket then yes, that is a harassment.   'm planning to complaint about him to the college Dean because last time i went to the campus police station Some campuses have private security guards, some have actual police officers, with the same powers and authorities you'd find elsewhere. Given the nature of those tickets and the fact that you had to go to traffic court, these are the latter In which case there's a decent chance the Dean has little/no authority over them Not for what you've described  "did he just really say that, he was scared for his life from Asian girl that drive bettle and go the college?" He's a middle age strong white male, I don't think he should be a cop if he scared of a girl like me. So you think racism and sexism should play into his behavior and reactions as an officer? You were speeding. Getting tailgated is not a defense to speeding, and it was unwise to accuse the officer ticketing you of it. Your tint was also an issue and not made up. I didn't see the stop you made at the sign, I'm guessing you rolled it. He didn't give you a ticket because your car is easy to spot, he gave you a ticket because you continue to break traffic law. They probably called your complaint bullshit because it is. "He refuses to stop ticketing me correctly for breaking the law," isn't a valid complaint. You should understand you're not being harrassed and you aren't entitled to be given a break when you can and should be ticketed. 