 My cousin has an 11 year old daughter, my cousin's cousin lives in the same building with her husband and son, who is 14. Their son has displayed weird behaviour when his female dog was on heat, as well as when my cousin's dog was on heat. He won't stop staring and making comments about their genitalia. While having a family gathering we walked on the son touching his female dog genitalia, that's just an example of odd behavior this kid shows. He has a history of making very lewd comments, things that go beyond a teenager trying to be edgy. without getting into much detail, pretty much everybody in the family agrees he's got some sexual deviancy issues. He was caught with stolen underwear from his grandma, he had stolen his cousins hairbrushes, had made gross sexual in nature drawings of my cousin's 11 year old daughter, another time -all this is what we've seen during family gatherings- he was on the sofa covered with a blanket and masturbating while one of the cat's was 'grooming himself'. I don't wanna go into gory detail but the general consensus in the family is that boy has some serious, serious issues, which has also started affecting the family ties to the point we started avoiding his side of the family. So my cousin's building has a swimming pool, the neighbours let the kids play unsupervised in there. About a month ago my cousin's cousin -the boy's mom- showed up unexpectedly at her door saying she had to run some errands and asked my cousin to keep an eye on her son. My cousin told them to go play by the swimming pool and a shortly after she got a call telling her her mom had suffered a heat stroke and was in the hospital, so my cousin told her daughter and nephew what happened and that she'd be back in a while. When the kids got tired of playing by the swimming pool the girl -my cousin's daughter- suggested going back home. Once at home the boy said they should shower together because they'd been to the swimming pool. She said she didn't want but he insisted, saying they're cousins and it's normal, and they'll be saving her mom money from the water bill. She insisted she didn't want, he got naked in front of her and went to the bathroom, leaving the door open. She went to the other bathroom they had and locked herself in. Called her mother's phone and told her what was happening. Her mother rushed back home to find her daughter still locked in the bathroom. The boy pretended nothing happened, and they all acted like nothing had happened until my cousin's cousin came pick up her son. So that day my cousin calls me and tells me to go to her house, I go and she and her daughter tell me what happened. I asked her why the hell didn't she tell her cousin what her son had done, that she had to know and it was imperative she called her right that second and told her everything while it was still recent. My cousin said nothing happened, said the boy is a pervert and has been showing predatory behaviour for a while (the whole family agrees on that) so I say more the reason to not only tell his mom, but report it. She kept saying no, no no, she isn't gonna report nothing because nothing happened. I said, nothing happened yet because your daughter was able to stand her ground, say no, and lock herself in the guest bathroom. Still, my cousin won't tell her cousin, confront the kid or even report it. I feel her daughter -who is my goddaughter and I love dearly- is at risk. I've gone to social services and they said they can't do anything because it's my word only and no proof. I told my cousin about my visit to social services, since she was endarenging her daughter and not protecting her, and that I'm going to tell the boy's mom too. She's gone ballistic on me and to this day she's not talking to me nor allowing her daughter to talk to me either. I feel she's putting her daughter at risk by having that predator living in the same building and often looking after him, even after what happened, because she does in fact still help look after him when his mother has to go to work or is going out. What can I do to make her go to social services, report it, and tell the boy's mother? Would it be a good idea to call her school and ask to speak to a counselor? What are my options, if any? IANAL but anyone can make a report to CARL - the child abuse report line, not just mandated reporters. CARL is an SA reporting mechanism but other states will have something similar. Certainly in SA, you can make an online report. It is imperative you make a report. That boy is very much displaying sociopath tendencies and is himself at risk. There was a recent case in WA where a 12 year old gave birth to her 14 year old step brother’s baby so I’d hate for anything remotely similar to happen to your god daughter  Even if they were both adults, his behavior would still be considered sexual assault. She refused his advances and he exposed himself to her anyway. It has nothing to do with age of consent. This boy is a rapist, and he needs to be reported before he harms anyone further. Calling police about what you've seen and heard is a good first step. I think it's important that you get in touch with your cousin again. It's sort of understandable that she decided to do whatever she did. Your cosuin's cousin is a cousin and family too for her. It seems like she couldn't handle the measures you took all of a sudden. Maybe she is convincing herself that it was nothing. Although I don't think she can totally neglect all the signs. She called you only because she needed help. From your writing, it is quite convincing to the readers that the boy needs to be reported. If you can't do anything by yourself, you need to talk to your cousin. Apologize. Just patch things up at first. Then you can explain to her why it would be best for everyone including the boy to report. You could discuss what the best course of action can be. The boy clearly needs help or at least be tested. It seems like you can protect your goddaughter only with your cousin on your side or you on your cousin's side. IANAL If you live in NT or Victoria, you [may be a mandated reporter]() just by virtue of being an adult. The bars are (emphasis mine): Victoria: or is likely to suffer, significant harm as a result of physical injury or sexual abuse, and the child's parents have not protected, or are unlikely to protect, the child from harm of that type Northern Territory: Point out to your cousin that just because he hasn't raped anyone yet (that you know of) doesn't mean he hasn't done anything worth telling the mother or reporting. At the least, he has: He sexually touched an animal. He made inappropriate advances on an 11-year-old girl (her daughter!) and stripped naked in front of her. He's made sexual drawings of the same girl. He masturbated in the presence of others. He's made crude/lewd inappropriate jokes. His behavior is so strong that his own family identifies him as a predator. Like you said, "the general consensus in the family is that boy has some serious, serious issues." Red flags are waving left and right, sirens are going off, the hounds are barking. Not just for his potential for future behavior, but because these are also signs of having been abused.  First of all,what state is this?  Please take this with a grain of salt, but the long and short of it is that it's at least worth speaking to the police and asking them to make a file note or a report. Read [this](). Specifically under the subheading "What if both parties are under the age of consent?". The reason I'm linking to consent laws is that if someone over the age of 18 did this, it'd be pretty obvious predatory behaviour. But the boy isn't, so it's less obvious to point at it and say "that's illegal". Different states have different provisions. In my state, it's illegal for anyone under the age of consent (16) to engage in a sexual act with someone more than two years younger than them. As your Goddaughter is 3 years younger than him, your Goddaughter could not consent. Also in my state, if the younger person is 12 years or younger, they cannot consent to a sex act. Depending on what state you're in, exposing himself to your Goddaughter may be considered a lewd act against a child. Personally I would speak to the police about it and ask them to make a file note, if not a report. Given the reaction you've described from your cousin and the difficulty children face when speaking out about sexual abuse, I don't think it would result in any police action being taken against the boy. BUT. In the instance that this behaviour escalates, having your report or file note on record prior to this escalation shows that this behaviour is part of a pattern.  's mother? Absolutely nothing. You've done what you can by reporting this yourself.