 Me and my friend had our stuff stolen from my car. I'm not sure how they got in but the car was not damaged. I had a lot of stuff stolen from me and my friend, resulting in a total loss of around $3000+. I told the police the location of my laptop, they went to the house it was at, and managed to get my laptop back, but nothing else. We know the exact address and the police CONFIRMED it by telling us the house they got my laptop at. The police has stopped contacting us at this point. What can I do at this point? I'm from Ontario Canada for reference. Thanks so much for your help and replies! Means a lot. I'll make sure i clear out my files and factory reset everything OK, so at this point I'm out of my element since it's Canadian law. I'd assume that OPP is preparing a case for whoever the provincial prosecutor is. I'd guess that at best, the people found in possession of your computer would face possession of stolen property charges, since there's probably no way to prove they actually stole it. Life advice: consider any data on the computer to be compromised, like financial accounts and passwords. Change them all now. Run a virus scan as well. Make sure no one saved illegal images to your computer. The cops gave us the laptop back but we're asking what comes next (press chargers or find out where they sold our stuff). The officer called me back today and she said they would need a warrant to check for our other belongings but that it's too much work/might get denied because it's less than $5K worth of property. She then just told us to check Kijiji but that's been a dead end.  Canada doesn't have any state laws on this, because Canada doesn't have any states. The federal government has an Access to Information Act and Ontario has a Freedom of Information and Protection of Privacy Act and a Municipal Freedom of Information and Protection of Privacy Act, which covers local police forces. MFIPPA does contain an exemption that lets them refuse to disclose police reports, but it's a discretionary exemption and as I said it's not rare for police agencies to release a police report to the victim of a crime or their insurance company.   So the cops have possession of the laptop right now? Are you asking what comes next, or how to get the rest of your property back? What if the person that stole the belongings sold the laptop to one of the residents of the home it was retrieved from?  FOIA is only for the federal government, not state and local government. You need to research your state laws on this.  Don’t do anything stupid like trying to get it back yourself. If police said they couldn’t retrieve your other stuff, consider suing the thief. In which case OP will know that the investigation is still active. That being said, it's not rare for police agencies to release some information from the file to the victim of the crime. The exemption is a discretionary one. Most countries with a FOIA equivalent also exempt material used in active criminal investigations. In the US and Canada, even relatively simple crimes can be investigated for weeks or months before something significant happens, and then it can be weeks, months, or even years before a trial begins, depending on various factors. Pretty much every democratic country has some variety of freedom of information law. I didn’t know Canada has a FOIA. You can file a freedom of information request with the police department to try and get all documents they have related to your incident report. Then with those documents, you can sue the people in that house for the lost property in small claims court.  I'm not too familiar with Canadian law but it seems most us laws have a Canadian equivalent. With that said, that person had your laptop so it would be reasonable to say they have the additional belongings also. So, follow the Canadian civil court process and sue for the value. In the us, you can only sue for the current market value plus and court fees. I'm not sure how that relates into Canadian law. Good luck.