 My wife and I paid for our hi-res wedding photos in-full on Wednesday, they still have our money and they are refusing to release the photos until we have a call with them. A little backstory: Earlier on we realized that there were some huge hidden prices with the wedding photography agency we hired (I'm not going to name them because I honestly fear they will take legal action against us). I was very disappointed and told them I thought the prices were ridiculous. Some manager guy immediately picks up my case and tells me he's going to get me a good price. It's not great, but it's better than what we were facing. I agree to this and we sign the document/form and scan it and mail it to them. This was Tuesday. That night the company sent us a "24 hours left to buy your photos" promotional email (yeah we waiting a long time to buy our photos) and this email had a price that I thought was better than the one that the manager guy had just gotten us to sign. I didn't think and I immediately freaked out and emailed and called and told them to cancel the order because they tried to mislead us. This was late at night and I obviously missed them. Side note and long story short: I was wrong, the price we got in the emails was actually more expensive after taxes. The next morning the money had come out of our account. At first I was livid and asked for a refund for the amount that I felt we were overcharged. Again, I was wrong but I didn't realize this at this point. The conversation got to the point that I basically called him a scammer and that these were deceptive practices and I may or may not have threatened to contact "agencies" if they didn't make this right. Right at that point he said he was not going to to release our photos until after we had a call on Friday (today) and mentioned new terms and we would have to sign something. It was all vague. Since then every time we give them any negative feedback and ask why they are refusing the send the digital photo files that we have paid for he threatens to cancel the whole order and refund us and that we'll have to start over again when we talk on the phone. Then when we basically beg to not refund the order he says that they won't. Mutiple times over the past few days he has said the order is canceled and it's too late and then come back around and said he has successfully canceled the refund. Now, today rolls around and my wife gives the guy a time to call her at 2:30 PM to hear out what they have to say. We told them ahead of time we would be recording the call and that we would not be signing anything until our lawyer has a chance to read it. (Our lawyer is actually my wife's cousin and I want to save bothering her as much as I can.) They never called. When we emailed him, he responded and said he has scheduled the call for 2:30 PM CST (we are EST). We believe he did this on purpose as a power play since we keep fighting him over the call but that is beside the point. My wife couldn't take a call later than that and he refused to talk only to me because it was her card. Now today alone, he has threatened the cancel the order 3 times and agreed to uncancel it twice, the third time was only about an hour ago. This is because we voice our opinion of how unprofessional they are being, how disorganized they are, and we ask why we need to have a call to get our photos. One example is that he said he's actually "...trying to do a good thing..." and that the call we will have on Monday is to clear up all of the confusion. I responded that the only thing I'm confused about is why we need to have a call in the first place and that if he was trying to do a good thing that he would send our pictures. &lt;- this was the first time he "canceled" or order today. So our fears are this: - This call will be to threaten us legally/ make us sign something that says we are not allowed to give them a bad review. - That now that the order might be canceled, we're terrified we'll have to pay a price over $1,000 more than the one we currently have withdrawn from our account. In an earlier email he promised we'll have the same price if we get a new transaction but he has been so unpredictable and all over the place I am horrified he won't honor that. Are our fears unfounded? Is this normal for a transaction like this? Is there anything we can do? Any help you can provide will be greatly appreciated. I know I was a cause of a lot of the problems that arose during this because of being hot-headed at first and then for repeatedly giving negative feedback throughout this process. If we kept our mouths shut we would have our pictures by now and I would be able to get a good night's sleep for the first time in over a week. In his most recent email claiming the order is now officially canceled he stated again that they did not do anything to deserve our negative feedback Sorry if I'm all over the place, I'm trying to be organized and give all of the details we have but I feel so mentally drained and flustered I'm sure this is a mess. Absolute word vomit. Please feel free to ask any questions and again I (we) so so so appreciate any help or advice that can be given. For your Monday call, write down your talking points and review the contract with your wife. They cannot do less than what the contract allows, to include forcing you into a new, less favorable agreement, as you fear. I suspect they want to call for the purpose of resolving this with a happy customer.  Don't be there - - let her handle it. It is easier for her to make excuses for you than for you to (believably) mea culpa. This is very good advice, thank you. Do you think they will require I be there for the call since I was the one making the accusations early on? Let your spouse handle this now -- She can do an apology and say she has taken over because you are far too (find some word like excitable/suspicious/whatever might fly) and she can get the photos by that evening. The photog place wants to be paid, they won't jeopardize that, but clearly you aren't helping by being the point person (so remove yourself from that position). You have emails tracking prices and offers so let her take over. We are going to participate in the call on Monday. What we're afraid of is that they are request that we sign something unfavorable and I don't know what to expect. All we want is to pay the price we already agreed to, and get our photos in return. They will not explain to us why we need to have a "15-30" minute call first. At face value, yes, I was wrong in the beginning. Ever since then we've done nothing but ask for them to send us our photos. Our plan is to talk to them on the phone on Monday but we are terrified of what they are going to do/request of us.  To clarify, you got a special deal for the photos and paid, then thought a promo sent out was better, you demanded to cancel the paid order (and accused the place of being scammers/threatened them), then realized the deal was good so you wanted to uncancel the cancellation (and somewhere in there is you leaving bad feedback and being hot-headed) - - and you think the owner is in the wrong? Is that right?  I don't understand what kind of legal action you envision that you could take that would be any less difficult and time consuming, or even more effective, considering they're altering the prices you originally agreed to in order to accommodate your dissatisfaction, than calling them as requested. 