 So let me explain the situation, I am living with my gf in a 4 bedroom apartment, everyone else is on the lease except for me , me and my gf split her half of the rent , now all of a sudden they want it split 5 ways and have us paying double for one room , does that make sense to anyone else In this entire earth?  You're a freeloader that is going to get everyone evicted. Thanks I know  I can’t imagine why anyone wouldn’t want to live with you, you’re just delightful!  Try looking at it this way. Five people are living in the apartment. Three people are paying for 25% each of the apartment and two people are paying 12.5% each. Your room mates want to change it so each person is paying 20%. Since you and your girlfriend share a room, or make sense that you wouldn’t need to pay a full 20% each, but you are each utilizing the common areas of the apartment. Talk to them about it and make an agreement. Maybe you and your girlfriend could each pay 15% of the rent, and the other room mates split the rest. Or maybe 17.5%. The bills should absolutely be split five ways, as each person has equal access to heat, water, whatever.  Dafuck does it matter ? I don’t bother anybody , I mind my business I keep to my self bills get paid , and just because someone is broke they wanna kick me out ...  Do you take a half shower or a full shower?  You guys must be rich if your willing to pay 350 and not even have your own room ....  I pay half of my girlfriends bills , but the the bills are paid equally amongst 4 tenants on the lease  Do you pay an equal share of the rest of the bills? Either way they will pay the same  I am confined 24/7 , in my room not interaction with anyone , I just work shower sleep ... But you paying rent only helps your girlfriend out with what she owes. It doesn't benefit the roommates at all, and yet they have another person living in their space unless you're literally confined to the room 24/7. Their request makes sense.  I do pay rent , which is half of the person I’m staying with , it’s not my fault they can’t afford bills , just because I make more money doesn’t mean anything.  Generally it is up to the roommates how to divide the rent. It does make sense that you should pay something, as they have to deal with another person living in their home. Try to negotiate with them and find a price you all feel is somewhat fair.  It's not fair to base the price solely on the room when you surely use common areas like bathrooms and the kitchen. You aren't renting a room, you are renting a legal right to essentially the entire unit. They are not being unreasonable hete. Because it’s not far to pay double for one room So it doesn’t matter whether I help her pay rent or not , they can’t force me to do anything ?  They can't stop her from having guests but if you being there is a violation of the lease, you could all get evicted.  Can they throw me out because we don’t want to pay 700 for one room when everyone else pays 350 ? What is your legal question? 