 Hi everyone, my apologies if something similar has been posted before. My brother was let go from a contract position at a large company in my state after they decided not to renew his contract. This was his first real great job after graduating college, and a great introduction to the industry. He had an alright last day, left early and they paid him for the rest of the day. On the drive home he got a call from the recruiter who originally got him the position. The recruiter claims that the company told them that my brother was walked off the property by security on his last day for "threatening to blow up the building by playing a prank." Now, anyone who knows my brother knows that he would never do anything remotely like this, especially when he's counting on this job to get good recommendations and possibly rehired in the future. What kind of legal recourse do we have here when this major company (fortune 500, at least) has threatened my brother's professional reputation by directly talking shit about this to his recruiter? Do we need to get a statement in writing from the recruiter with whatever the employer told them in order to bring it to court? I'm figuring they're doing this to avoid paying for his unemployment benefits since they let him go. Will a lawsuit disqualify him for unemployment? Do we contact their HR department to see what's going on and how they want to rectify this before going straight to a lawyer? Any advice is helpful. I'll try to have my brother add details later if possible. Thanks! Give it a week or so and then have someone else - you? - call the company pretending to be an employer looking to hire your brother, and you are checking his list of references, verifying the dates he worked there, ask if he's eligible for re-hire, etc. Ohio is a one-party state so record the call and see what they say. Chances are if they made the effort to call the recruiter to spread this lie, they're also going to try to torpedo your brother's opportunities with other companies. It can't hurt to find out. Ohio What state? Good to know! Thank you! If he's a 1099 contractor they don't have to pay unemployment.