 I live in California. About 6 months ago, I bought a new car (car A), and when I went to collect it, I took the insurance card from one of my other cars (car B) just to have a card with my insurance details on me. After I got home with the new car, I called the insurance company, gave them the VIN for the new car, and had them add it to my insurance. They e-mailed me a temporary insurance card, which I printed out, and dropped in the glovebox. A few weeks later, some idiot rear ended me pretty hard at a filter light on a freeway on-ramp. Ironically, there was a CHP officer parked up not 50 yards from the scene of the accident, so he came over, and did his thing. This was before my car even had plates. Annoying as fuck when your brand new car has its ass kicked in because someone else wasn’t paying attention. Anyhow, I was quite shaken by the incident, and when the CHP officer came over, I reached into the glovebox and grabbed the insurance card and gave it to him, along with my drivers license. He came back a while later with a card with his number and some other details on it, and told me I could go, and I could request a copy of the accident report 10 days later. I did this, and filed it away with my other vehicle documentation. Fast forward a few months, and I need to sell vehicle B. The person I’m selling it to comes back and tells me it was allegedly involved in an accident, and they weren’t prepared to pay me what I had asked for, because of it. I pulled a copy of the car fax report, and, true as shit, vehicle B, which has never been involved in an accident, has an accident report filed against it! After a WTF moment, I noticed the date. The exact same date that car A had been rear ended. Turns out that the officer at the scene of the accident had taken the VIN and registration details from the insurance card I had handed him, which just happened to be the insurance card from car B, which I had in the glovebox from when I collected the car A, and never came over to car A to confirm he had the correct VIN. Even more interestingly, he had a registration plate number on his report: at the time of the accident, car A didn’t have any plates, but he apparently didn’t notice. So, I head over to the CHP office in San Jose and file a report to get the details corrected. This was back in October 2018. I was told it would take 4-6 weeks. I called back at 4 weeks. Nothing had been done. I called back at 6 weeks, still nothing: was told it could take 60 days. Called back at 60 days, still nothing. I called back every week until at 92 days, I filed a formal complaint via the CHP Golden Gate website. Miraculously, the next time I called, ~2 weeks later, the report was suddenly “in review”. This was a Tuesday, and I was told to call back Friday, by which time it should be done. I got sidetracked by work stuff, and finally called back this afternoon, a week later than I was told to, and, surprise surprise, it’s still in review. I’m now at my wit’s end with the CHP. It’s cost me several hundred dollars so far to keep the vehicle insured and on the road, with no end in sight, for a car which I wanted to sell 4 months ago. I guess I could file yet another formal complaint about the review taking so long, but I was wondering what my other legal options here are?  Contact your state assemblyperson's office and ask if they can help. Suing is not a viable option. Thank you for posting an update! All update posts are automatically locked due to a historical lack of on-topic discussion. This is a forum for legal advice and if none is sought, none will be offered. If, however, your post also contains a new question, please [message the moderators](=/r/legaladvice subject=Re-approve%20my%20comment message=%20\(please%20leave%20this%20so%20we%20can%20reference%20your%20comment\)) for a review. Feel free to start or join in the conversation about this update in either /r/bestoflegaladvice or /r/legaladviceofftopic. I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/legaladvice) if you have any questions or concerns.