 Building on rural lot. Neighbor won’t sign easement to allow power company to install pole for my service. This is in Barry County Missouri. I am building a house which is already built. The neighbor whom I have always had a good relationship with has declined to sign the easement paperwork for the electric company leaving me high and dry. What are my options? Did you speak about this with the electrical company before you started building the house? If so, did they discuss pricing or was there any mention of the easement? If the neighbor really won't budge, you might want to see if you can make a claim against the power company because you relied on their promise without them checking if they needed the easement to install before they made you an offer (if that's the way it went down). You might also try paying your neighbor. Lastly, you could try doing it anyway and then making your neighbor sue for damages, and depending on local law, he can either get it completely removed or, to avoid waste, they will make you pay him damages without removing the equipment, but it will likely be very steep because he clearly told you no. In any case, I'd reach out to a local property lawyer and see if you can schedule some kind of consultation about your options. You may need to bite the bullet and pay for one of those more expensive options. That's the price of living in a society with annoying neighbors :( You're probably going to need to offer your neighbor money for the easement, because otherwise your neighbor's just going to have unwanted infrastructure on his property with no benefit to him. How much was offered for the easement? And yes normally you pay for that, sometimes a lot depending on how much of your neighbor's property is affected. Purchased empty lot with no prior development. We had a home built and are nearing the final stages of construction. The next phase requires power to be hooked up. This is where we have encountered the issue with the easement on the neighbors land. The electric company has assured the owner that the pole and lines will not interfere with any future plans they may have since it will only encroach a few feet on the corner of their property. But they refuse. The other options require a very long run from the next section of the grid and even widening a road to make that happen so it’s not practical. No other easements were required since it will be on well water and septic. The area is heavily wooded and not great for solar without drastic tree removal.   Also, non-legal solution: have you considered adding solar panels to power the property? It may even increase the property value.