 Let me preface this with... I stupidly agreed to give my ex primary custody of our kids 5 years ago when we divorced. I have no mental health issues, drug addiction issues, or problems with alcohol. I dont abuse my kids in any way, shape, or form. I was just a naive woman desperate to get out of a shitty marriage and believed that I "could never be a single mom." For the first year we followed the 90/10 (him/me) custody arrangement. We eventually quit following that and evolved into more of a 65/35 (him/me) arrangement. I would pick the kids up on school Friday and keep them until the start of school Monday. If there was no school, I keep them until Tuesday. If there's no school Friday, I'd pick them up Thursday. You get the idea. Since March, it became apart my kids father was dropping the parental ball. Kids were falling behind in school, missing school, late for school, not doing homework, etc. I asked if we could nail down a weeknight that I can have the kids to help with homework. He refused. Eventually, there were some issues involving his girlfriend as well. His behavior was odd. Leaving our sons soccer game to go to the parking lot, kids reporting he was taking a lot of naps, I even found out he was, at one point, purchasing Tramadol online. Oh and I learned he recieved a DUI. I opened a line of communication with his parents. They also were concerned. I filed for full custody. No adequate cause was found for a major modification. I only received a minor modification for the Sunday to start of school Monday. The judge did order us to figure out a new plan, between our lawyers, but if we cant accomplish that we have to enter mediation. So far, we aren't agreeing. So essentially I LOST time with my kids trying to get MORE time with my kids. I've lost all faith in the courts. Anyway... Every other Friday, I still ask to pick them up from school. He has said no to that, but sometimes he'll let me them up 30 minutes early. When I have my scheduled dinner visit with them every other Thursday, he wont let me even return them 5 minutes late. Although I lost in court, I've promised myself I will never give up trying to get more time, so I always ask. Today, he has told me if I continue to ask for more time or to pick them up early, he will file charges for harrassment against me. Can he do this? Will asking to see my kids more actually land me in jail for harrassment? Any other advice on what to do legally is greatly appreciated. I feel like I hired the worst attorney in Washington State.  That's rough, I wish I had better advice to offer. A good lawyer can make a huge difference, but I saw your previous posts and it's understandable that you wouldn't want to deal with that anymore. Courts generally don't like to make significant changes to an existing custody agreement because stability and the best interests of the child yada yada. But having both parents around is almost always considered to be in their best interests too. Except maybe when one of them is abusing pain killers, try to keep an eye on that as best you can, for your kid's sake. Sorry, I don't know how to include your text in my reply... He did tell me to stop asking, so I will to avoid any trouble. Technically we are at 80/20 now because the judge added 2 Sunday overnights a month. The kids are 8 and 10. Adding any more overnights would be considered a "major modification" which the judge didn't find adequate cause for, so 50/50 is out of the question apparently. The only thing we can mediate is minor modifications, like pick up time, drop off time, holidays (as long as it doesnt include an overnight) because that's what the judge found adequate cause for.  If he tells you to stop asking about it and you choose not to, then yes he can call the police and say you're harassing him. It is possible they'll arrest you but most likely will just tell you to knock it off. He doesn't have the ability to file charges, that's up to a prosecutor. He doesn't have to. You're both required to follow whatever your official custody agreement says. It sounds like you never had it changed from 90/10 to 65/35 so unfortunately you're only entitled to the 10%. . So far, we aren't agreeing. Guess it's time for mediation then. You're not gonna get full custody, but there's no reason you can't get 50/50 or something close to it. If you're not happy with the work your lawyer is doing you can find another one.