 I’m going thru a custody battle for my three young children. This involves me (31m) my ex (26f) and our three children ages 3, 2, and 4 months. There was a domestic violence incident against myself while the children were present. There is a temporary protection order for myself and our kids against her. Obviously, CPS is involved and have started an investigation. The caseworker did the home visit 3 weeks ago and I believe all went pretty well. A week after the visit, she was granted supervised visitations, 3 hours each, 4 times a week. Now, when the caseworker came to my house, she told me I had to go downtown and take a urine screen the very next day. She said the place closes at 5 pm. We had discussed my work schedule and what I’ve been doing for childcare prior to her telling me this. Actually, she was at the house for approximately 45 minutes, the conversation went well and I’m confident my house was up to par. Anyway, she told me about the drug test basically as she was walking out the door. It was the last part of the conversation. She told me they close at 5 and asked if I could make it. I told her probably not, but I would do my best. My work schedule is pretty strict 530am - 430pm, which we had talked about. I also have had all three children the entire time since the incident and was granted temporary custody at the hearing where she was granted supervised visits, about 2 weeks ago. Anyway, I left work a little early and made it to the building for the urine screen at like 5:02. There were people in the building and even in line still, but they locked the doors. I called the caseworker right then and left a voicemail. Also called the next day and a week later, left voicemails, but never got a call back. A little over a week after the missed drug screen, we had the court date where I was given temporary custody and she got her supervised visits. Haven’t heard anything from CPS since.. until today. The caseworker called while I was at work and left a voicemail saying something about missing information that can affect the case and to call her back, which I did, and got her voicemail. I told my attorney about the missed drug screen, but I don’t believe anything was said or done about it, because like I said the court case went in my favor anyway. Now.. I found something out about my caseworker which is making me start to think there may be something nefarious going on. Also, note that I called my attorney today and he is out of town until next week. Anyways, for the supervised visits, I pass the kids off to my ex’s mom. We used to have a great relationship, but that has since soured. We don’t really talk much when passing off the kids, but she had made a comment about the caseworker, something along the lines of her looking different than she remembered and gaining weight. Come to find out, the CPS worker went to high school with my ex. Apparently they weren’t best friends, but we’re definitely somewhat friends and even have photos on Facebook together from years ago. I feel like this is a conflict of interest and she should have recused herself from the case the moment she saw my ex’s name on the paperwork. If this drug test was important, I feel like I would have received a call about it. Basically tho, the caseworker knew I couldn’t get the test done that day and set me up to fail. Now, no drugs were involved in the incident, but I assume a drug test is standard procedure in any CPS case. My ex and I used to smoke weed together from time to time, but I had Long quit and have no worries about passing a drug test. There are a couple other reasons I feel she’s trying to play with the system, but I’ll get into them if this picks up any interest, as my last post did not. Anyway, what should I do? Thank you. If you look at my last post, you can see that she’s already tried pulling some fuckery. And there is much more as well. But thank you. I’d give the supervisor a call and you’ve already filled in your attorney. Good luck to you. Thank you for responding. I hope that you are wrong tho. Being old high school friends, to me, is more than a thin conflict. I saw the pictures they’re tagged in together on Facebook. There’s a ton of group photos, but there was also two photos of just the two of them hugging and two more with one or two other people in it. I know this investigation is like, independent of the criminal and custody case, but she is still like the “defendant” kind of.. I don’t know how to word it. Myself and my children are the victims here, and now knowing that her friend gets to write the report that the judges will base their decisions on when it comes to custody, just doesn’t seem ethical, or fair. Like this whole thing has been an uphill battle. Even tho I was tho I am the victim, I’ve had to fight for my kids because we werent married. They all have my last name, i am on all of their birth certificates... ok I think I’m off topic now sorry I’ve just been very stressed out. If I was being investigated for something, and the investigator turns out to be my old high school buddy, that seems to me like a conflict of interest. Edit: or at the very least, the caseworker should have disclosed that they have/had a personal relationship. You can talk to the workers supervisor and express your concerns. IMO, unless they’re still hanging out or having personal conversations on the regular, it’s a pretty thin conflict.