 Ever since I was a kid, I've wanted to convert a junked old pickup truck into a crazy post-apocalyptic vehicle. I've envisioned it having a (fake) machine gun mount with on a swiveling platform that has a chair for the gunner to sit on. I also want to take off the doors, Windows, most of the paneling and mufflers to make it absolutely off-the-wall crazy. I have several questions on road safety laws and registration of this vehicle. 1. If I did build this kind of vehicle, would I have to register/insure it with the state? 2. What kind of laws would govern the safety of the cab when I strip it down to bare minimum parts and seats? 3. What legal concerns should I have about putting a person in the gunners chair that swivels in the bed? The intended use for this vehicle would be to tear-ass around off road trails and maybe take it to some conventions as a display piece. It would live its life on a flatbed trailer inside a self storage unit if it wasn't off road or at a convention. However, if I did want to take it on the road, what would that entail? Thank y'all! Yes. Private property is likely the only property it can be operated on. It must be trailered on every other property (public property and any private property that requires a vehicle to be properly registered). It is not a farm vehicle, so it would not fall under any farming exceptions. Edit: it may be possible to keep it as an off-road vehicle if it’s truly a trail truck. Maybe - it would depend on local statutes. If I drove it on government owned desert land in New Mexico, would I have to register it? Technically the land is public ranching land If you trailer it on public roads, and only park it on private property, you can likely keep it unregistered. This is how many people keep track-only cars or race cars. If it never drives on a public road, it doesn’t need a registration in Texas. As far as 502.002 is concerned. That's a really good idea, I hadn't even considered going to a body shop You may want to find a local car club, that specializes in "rat rods". I know here in Texas they have made them difficult to get registered. What counts as "Street-legal" is highly dependent on your location. 1 - almost definitely. There are very, very few vehicles that do not have to have some sort of tags/registration. 2 - state and local ordinances about vehicles, and what you mean by "minimum". Is also depends on the class of vehicle. 3 - most places restrict people from riding in an unenclosed bed. Something you could do is find someone in your city that does custom vehicle body work - there's usually at least one bodyshop that does it. They would know a lot of the laws and regulations that you'd need to follow, and they'd be able to advise you just overall on the project.