 I live in a small town in Alaska. I have two vehicles, one of them was having issues so I was not driving it. The registration expired, and I kept forgetting to renew it, but I didn't think it was a big deal because I was not driving the car. On the 24th I received 2 letters, one was from the city saying that I owed 180 dollars for two parking tickets that I received on the 5th and the 7th for the car being parked without current registration (which I had never saw because I wasn't driving the car). It said that if I didn't pay it within 30 days there would be a 15 dollar penalty. The second letter I received was from the police department saying that my vehicle had been impounded for overdue citations. I paid the citations and got my car registered, I then was able to get a letter from the police department which allowed me to retrieve the car from the private tow company that had impounded it. The vehicle had been towed 10 miles out of town, which left me with a 412 dollar bill that I had to pay on the spot in cash in order to get my vehicle out. If I wouldn't have been able to pay to get it out that day, they would have continued to add 30 dollars a day for storage fees until I could pay. I was sure that they had made a mistake, and that they had no right to have my car impounded for such a small amount especially since it had not even been 30 days, so I requested a hearing in order to get reimbursed the 412 dollars. I just had the hearing and was told that according the the city code, they had every right to tow the car. Apparently if you receive 2 violations for the same thing, than you have 10 days to pay, or they are able to impound your car. How would a citizen possibly know this obscure law? I know according the the city code, I can't really fight it, but I think it is crazy that a city can make laws with such harsh penalties for minor violations. If I didn't have some money saved up, it is quite possible I would never have been able to get my car back, because the fee would just keep going up every day, and I wasn't even able to use a credit card. It all seems just really corrupt, and I was just wondering if there is any limit on a cities power to make laws like this. Can a city really just write any law they want allowing them to confiscate somebody's property like this? I am not as worried about getting my money back, as figuring out a way that this doesn't happen to anyone else, who might not be as financially able to deal with it as I am. Is there any legal precedent that would pressure the city to change these policies? Your town is completely within it's rights to create this law. This is especially true in Alaska, where the towns/cities/etc... have an immense amount of power. All citizens have a duty to follow the law and "ignorance of the law" is not a legal defense. Your only recourse is to vote in the next city council election for someone who wants to amend/repeal the ordinance. Or, you could run yourself. I know that these laws seems to run afoul Alaska culture, but that's not a reason for them to be invalidated outside electing like-minded officials. 