 We have four car drivers living in a home and three parking spots between the driveway and the street in front of us. I park my car in front of the neighbor's house yesterday because I thought all our spots were occupied. About an hour later, doucher and his wife knock on the door, talk to my roommate, who is also both the landlord and homeowner, about not having anyone park in front of the house because they have "guests" come by sometimes, and they weren't at all polite about it. Doucher also parked about six inches behind me, requiring a five-point turn to get out from between him and the car in front of me. After reviewing the city and county laws about tenants and occupancy, and ensuring we can all legally live in the house, I got pissed. It's a public street and we should be able to park wherever we damn please. I am fully aware that if this happens again, I can now tell them to pound sand, but wonder if that would be enough. It seems excessively aggressive to come bang on someone's door in their home because they are parked on the street and not obstructing your drive, and it makes me uncomfortable about the situation, and concerned for the safety of my car. So, I am fully prepared to have an involved conversation about it if they happen to confront us again on this completely unfounded basis, but I wonder, will that be enough? Can I prepare a cease and desist if this continues? Should I make them aware my roommates or I will file a police report if I or we find damage on our vehicles, and they would be persons of interest as far as we are concerned? For the time being, I will definitely see if it blows over but considering we rarely park in front of their house as it is, seems like these idiots have some anger issues and need to be put in their place. Thanks in advance, everyone! Agreed about the "if" scenario. Probably more of a rant than anything else, but thanks for your time and insight. :-)  Agreed on all fronts. I will say they acted reasonably within the confines of the law but not within the confines of politeness, but this is legal advice, not politeness advice, so you're 100% correct haha. Thank you! Get a motion activated camera for your car if you're concerned about them damaging things. But otherwise, your remedies are largely toothless and would only serve to escalate the situation. You had a legal right to park where you did, but they did not break any laws or act unreasonably by coming over and complaining about it. You're both even steven, and they're probably as annoyed by your lawful behavior as you are by theirs.  I'd consider investing in a security camera if you're worried he will damage your car. There are no next steps. You're allowed to park there. He's allowed to tell you not to. This will go in circles until one of you decides you've had enough and stops doing your respective thing. If he keys your car, call the cops. I'd avoid telling them you'll call the cops "if" - odds are, it'll just antagonize them further.