 [removed] If you currently have nobody in your life, spouse children, parents and the such then make a will. Leave the money to a good cause. St. Judes, a homeless shelter in the area anything. Because if it doesn't go somewhere then the state lays claim to it I have been executor or administrator of four estates, including one where there was no will (called "being intestate"). Believe me, it is a real pain to settle an intestate estate. When a person dies, someone or some organization has to be appointed to take care of the estate. Basically, that involves identifying assets and debts, paying off the debts, and distributing what's left to the heirs. If there is no will, that person is called the administrator, representative, or some other term (it varies by state). Some friend or relative of yours will have to step forward and petition for formal appointment with the probate court in the county where the deceased lived at the time of death. If no one steps forward, the court has to find someone or else take it on itself. If there is no will, state law provides guidelines as to who should be the administrator. Usually, a spouse gets all or at least the lion's share. Then come children, parents or more distant relatives. If, at some time, you develop a romantic partnership, but do not marry, your partner gets nothing. Depending on the state, there can be a waiting period between the time you petition for the appointment as administrator and the time it is granted, to allow someone to come out of the woodwork and object to the appointment. You aren't the legal representative of the estate until the court hands you a piece of paper confirming it. If there is no will, it is "Letters of Administration." The estate must then go through probate—that the “find assets, pay debts, and distribute inheritance” stuff. If you have a will, you can name someone you know will be willing and able to handle your estate. You can bequeath things to people rather than have the state decides who gets them. Make sure you have a beneficiary on your retirement accouts, make your bank and savings accounts payable on death. Make whoever your closest relative, parent/sibling etc knows where your car title is and has a list of your accounts truthfully, unless there’s something specific and valuable you want to go to a person who is not your closest relative a will is not really necessary. When you buy a house or get married getting a will becomes more important, but unless you really want a will your estate will be a small estate and won’t have to go through probate. (Note. The POD stuff is important because the money goes directly to the beneficiary and doesn’t have to go through probate) Making a will will help make it easier for anyone you're leaving your stuff to since it makes it clear who gets what, but honestly in most cases the people you declare as your executor in the will will still have to go through probate because some states require probate documents in order to allow them to sign off on things. For example. In the state of mass even if you have a will, the executor still has to show probate documents in order to be legally allowed to sign on you're behalf to change ownership of your vehicle.  What do you want to have happen to your assets if you die? Who do you want to make medical decisions for you if you're incapacitated? Who do you _not_ want making medical decisions? Where do you live? Do you need to make a will? No Can you? Sure. 