 Basically, I passed out at 1 am in the bathroom. My roommates heard me fall and I couldn't speak for 5 minutes after they woke me up so they were scared for me. I looked rough and had a 101ish fever. My friend calls 911, explains my status, and they come to check on me without sirens. 5 people walk in my room, have a full on conversation with me about what happened, say it's not normal at all, and decide to put me in the ambulance and drive me, without sirens, to the hospital 10 minutes away. My condition at this point was nothing more than you can expect for someone with a flu. The guy attempted 2 IVs and then stabbed himself with my needle. I found this out at the hospital and they told me they would have to do bloodwork to check for AIDS. I spent no more than 2 hours at the hospital before I was able to drive home with my friends. Maybe had a 101 fever and the dean who saw me said that passing out was not uncommon for people with the flu (completely contradicting the reasoning of the paramedics deciding to take me to the hospital), especially having taken some Nyquil as I had. Finally, the test comes back positive that I have the flu, they finish their 5 vials of blood to test me for AIDS, and then they discharge me. Here I am a month later and Anthem BCBS is paying $6,187.62 and leaving me with $7,900. Because of the situation, mostly with the extra blood tests I was required to do for the AIDS/HIV test, and significantly less because of the paramedics not assuming this was just a flu, do I have any way that anyone suggest I get this reduced? I am waiting to receive the bill with the costs outlined but I'm hoping to have a direction from there Thank you so much for sharing your experience  Yeah that seems reasonable. At different points in my life I have successfully negotiated in both ways. I’ve had a pacemaker since I was 25 so I’ve done this a fair amount (even with good insurance the bills can get up there). If you are genuinely low income, a lot of places will have funds set aside almost like a scholarship. You’ll likely have to prove financial situation. They may also be able to give you a better price (for example matching the price they would give to an insurance company). If all else fails they can set you up in a low monthly payment plan at no interest. They are usually pretty reasonable if you tell them what you can afford per month since they’d rather get some money than no money. On the other hand if you could feasibly pay off some sort of lump sum (say 8-9k) I’d be up front about it. It varies procedure to procedure (and hospital to hospital) but I’ve had as much as a little over 50% knocked off just for paying in lump sum. Something like “I really hate having this hang over my head and I’d like to just pay it off as quickly as possible since (insert reason like “I’m a student” or “saving for a house” or “getting married). I can reasonably pay 9k. If I am able to make a lump sum payment is there any sort of discount that can be applied? If not I will need to be in a payment plan” I think you pick and choose which scenario you fall into or even use both as you suggested above. I think the important bit is just being pleasant with the billing people and honestly explaining your situation. If you are nice to them they will want to help and find you a solution most of the time.  So are you basically choosing one route or the other? I’m guessing most logical choice is the “I’m broke, how low can you go” route, followed by “ok if I can somehow scrounge up money from family and friends to pay this amount off, would you be able to cut it down if I pay it off at once?” What’re your thoughts  If you can pay lump sum they will often cut you a deal. I’ve had bills reduced by over half because I offered to pay lump sum. It varies hospital to hospital but it’s definitely worth a shot to see what they can do for you. When you call be friendly and polite. Explain you’d like to take care of your bill and inquire about what the minimum they would take if you pay it off lump sum ( if you can afford it). If not you can tell them about your financial situation and they might either have funds to help you or be willing to cut you a break and get you on a payment plan  Civil dispute lawyer, probably even small claims lawyers may take this up. What type of lawyer do I go for? So there is two issues you seem to have here. 1 being that the paramedics didn't assume it was just a flu and leave you, and 2 being the accidental needle stick resulting in an unwanted/unneeded HIV test. As for 1 you don't really have a leg to stand on. As long as you didn't actively tell the paramedics you do not want to go to the hospital and you want to refuse treatment and transport, you're on the hook for the bill. Sorry. The paramedics are not qualified to assess whether or not you have a flu. Most ambulance services are on a "you call, we haul" type of deal. To protect the company, and their own licenses, they will almost never come to the scene and tell you that you should refuse treatment and transport. They'll strongly advise against it and that you go to the hospital. Besides, they were in the right to recommend you go to the hospital anyway. You passed out in the middle of the night, and were sufficiently disoriented so that you couldn't speak. You also had a high fever. They are right; that is not normal. You could have an acute septic episode. You could have a brain hemorrhage or aneurysm. You could have had a seizure. They don't know. The paramedics aren't doctors. With the training paramedics have, they are 100% right--you needed to go to the hospital and be evaluated by a doctor. I do hope the doctor did a full workup on you to determine why you fainted other than "it's the flu and your NyQuil, go home". Because that could potentially be very serious. Transient loss of consciousness is not something to just brush off as nothing unless you've looked into it enough. As for 2, you might have a case for the HIV test to be paid for by the ambulance company. Their worker's comp (or similar) insurance should pay for it. It's not the hospital's responsibility to take it off your bill; they provided a service to you (screen for HIV) and have the right to be compensated. But they may take it off and bill the ambulance company. Or you may have to contact the ambulance company and ask for payment in full. You can't count on it, but it works a fair amount of the time if you can document your inability to pay.  Get the itemized bill and see if they actually charged you for the HIV/Hep panel they do on exposures. Most of the time the testing is coded under a different patient ID altogether and not linked to your account, so you should see no charges. If you do see any charges, find a number to call and dispute it. OSHA has rules about needlesticks between employer and employee but not between patient and hospital, AFAIK.  Consult with a lawyer, they'll reduce your costs immensely. With a bill in this large of an amount, it is easily worth the costs of a decent lawyer to make it go away. This is bad advice do not count on this. Yeah, they have different rates for different insurances companies. They can give you lower rates. Just explain you won’t be able to pay it otherwise. They’ll lower it and give you a decent payment plan. they actually reduce stuff like that? You have insurance so you already have the reduced rates. But since you got high deductible insurance, you need to pay that amount. You should argue against the blood test for hiv. Yeah just call and say your broke and uninsured. I bet they cut that to 5k.