 Hello. This is my first time posting and IANAL so please be patient and correct me if anything is wrong. I work in a restaurant in Hawaii. Every now and then we get people who bring in their pets and very obviously falsely claim that they’re service animals. I was told by my employer not to let in animals that aren’t service animals because it’s a health code violation, but also not to outright question if they are because it violates HIPAA. I’m wondering if there’s any way for me to politely question if the animals are service animals without violating the customer’s rights? And is there a way I can say something if the customer is clearly lying? Anyone who has a true service dog will know, whether they self-trained or paid for a trained dog, that the general rule is “four paws on the ground”. Unless the dog’s tasks require it to be held/on a lap, service dogs don’t sit in shopping carts or get carried around. Also “reduces my anxiety” is not considered a task; that’s a function of an emotional support animal. ESA’s are not protected by the ADA do not need to be allowed in public places.  One thing to note: ESAs are strictly for support at home (and planes, to the extent they fly for free). They do not have access to public places, nor are they protected by the ADA  . 7-4.1 Definitions. “Stray”or “stray dog”means any dog: (1) on the premises of a person other than the owner of the dog, without the consent of an occupant of such premises; or (2) on a public street, on public or private school grounds, or in any other public place, except when under the control of the owner by leash, cord, chain or other similar means of physical restraint; provided, that such leash,cord, chain or other means is not more than eight feet in length; and provided further, that this provision shall not be construed to permit that which is prohibited by any other law . 7-4.2 Strays prohibited. Assuming that these dog bags you see are capable of restraining the dog so it can't jump out and run off it's more of a pet carrier type deal and fall under the "similar means of physical restraint" as it's preventing the dog from becoming what is defined as a "stray" which is unlawful.  Thank you! This was very helpful. Follow up question though, some customers bring their dogs in dog bags (they look like little duffel bags with mesh cut outs). Is this allowed? Or do they absolutely HAVE to have leashes? (With exception to the task thing, of course) Thank you! I honestly have no idea what I’m talking about; HIPAA was just what my employer cited. Even if it is a legit service dog or they answer yes to the two questions, you can legally ask that they remove the dog if it is not under control or causing a disturbance in the business. You have to take their word for it if they answer correctly, unless the dog misbehaves. Legally you can ask two questions; Is that a service animal, and what task does it preform? Some additional information. SA fall into an odd areas in regards to leash laws, they are required to abide by the local laws unless the leash prevents the animal from preforming it's intended task. So a PTSD SA would need to be leashed compared to a SA who is trained to pick up or retrieve items who would not need to be leashed. Only dogs and miniature horses can be SA's. There is no restriction on dog breeds for SA's. There is no registry or required training or identification for SA's. This is good because it allows people who can't afford a $50,000 trained dog from an established program to train their own dog for their own use. This is bad because anyone can easily lie about their dog being an SA. Any SA that acts out of control such as but not limited to barking (non-alert), howling, growling, snapping/biting, peeing/pooing, or running around in an uncontrolled manner can be kicked out of any establishment. This is a key point because most people who try and pass of pets or emotional service animals have poorly behaved animals and can be kicked out this way. If you do have to remove someone ask them politely to leave if they refuse call the police. You do not want to deal with the social media shit storm if it turns out to be an actual SA (even if it is poorly trained) and it's illegal to prevent the animal from doing its intended task. So if you distract the dog in attempting to kick them out and the dog can't do it's job such being unable to alert the owner to a seizure, diabetic reaction, ect you would be held liable if the handler has a seizure and hits their head or falls into a diabetic coma if it could have been prevented from the dog doing its job. Having the police kick them out is the safer option for you legally speaking. You are required to give floor space not seating space to SA's, so no toy poodle in a purse on the table, no dog sitting on chairs or in booths.  Did a bit of research on this. It looks like starting this year people can be cited for falsely claiming a pet or ESA as a service animal under [Senate Bill 2461](). §347 - Misrepresentation of a service animal; civil penalty. (a) It shall be unlawful for a person to knowingly misrepresent as a service animal any animal that does not meet the requirements of a service animal as defined in section 347‑2.5. $100 and not more than $250 for the first violation, and not less than $500 for a second violation and each violation thereafter. If it is obvious that a person is lying about their pet/ESA being a service animal, you should probably still only ask the questions you are allowed to and then call the police so they can stop by and verify while the patron is still in the building. I have no idea how the police are supposed to verify this but that would be up to them.  The ADA source gives no guidance on this. What is to be done about people lying? /u/derspiny gave you the correct questions to ask, but I just want to point out a minor technical thing, this has nothing to do with HIPAA, the issue is the ADA. You can ask two questions: 1. Is the dog a service animal required because of a disability? 2. What work or task has the dog been trained to perform? [Source]()