 Hi I was recommended to go to this place to post. On January 14. Our company was notified by our client that a fraudulent job posting was posted in indeed. As an owner I called indeed immediately and asked the job to be taken down. One day later the job was taken down. But this does not bode well with us. We never advertise any job anywhere and this job posting is very specific that made us think as a company that someone was targeting us. I communicated to indeed our following concerns. 1. How many people sent the resume to the job postings and have they been notified that this is a fraudulent job postings and that they need to be aware that their private information on their resume maybe compromised. To this they were not able to tell me anything. In fact they sent me an email saying that since their system is in Ireland I have to make official complaint to Interpol. Which I did (I live in Canada so I reported this case to RCMP) 2. How did indeed approve the job posting in the first place. I spoke to three people in indeed and all of them agreed that the job posting was fraudulent, however they also mentioned that for an employer to post on indeed their system has a verification process that is not allowing a job posting before verification. It seems contradictory to me. After pursuing this line of argument they decided to stay quiet and forward my queries to their privacy officer which after 4 weeks and each week following up haven’t responded at all. Does anyone or any business have undergone this process? I filed a complaint to BBB, RCMP, privacy commissioner Canada, data privacy EU and in the process of filing to the USA privacy commissioner. I feel that everyone is not taking as seriously about this fraudulent job postings as much as I do. Oh I work in a financial industry. The job posting basically says that we are hiring a courier to take important financial documents to different places. This is why we are scared that we are targeted. This is why we are scared because this is definitely not random. The problem is indeed refused to give us more information on how it happened. Even though they keep telling me that their system would verify email accounts and they would ask for supporting documents before the job becomes live. I still don’t know when the job postings come alive. They did not even able to give my company the information.  No. Again after talking with indeed they themselves admitted that this is a job fraudulent posting. They told me reluctantly after many questions that the email made to post the job has a domain name that is completely different than our company email.  The specifics of the job make me think this as well. Could someone within your company have done this?