 I am in Pennsylvania. If someone else could really use these pills, as they are just going to be destroyed anyways, I was going to send them to someone else that could use them. I stopped taking them a few months ago and still had about half of the prescription remaining. What kind of legal issues could be faced with trying to send these pills through USPS/UPS/FedEx? It is a prescription medication, but it is not an opiate or muscle relaxer. Rather it is a medication that is normally used as an anti-depressant, but can be used to help control pain. I don't know if that makes any difference, as I would imagine it just being a prescription alone would be the main issue here. Any thoughts would be appreciated. Thanks.  The SNRIs you are likly refering to are very cheap. Using Good Rx you can get them for $6/30 day supply. Its nice of you to want to help others but this is neither a legal or cost effective way of doing so. My guess is Cymbalta Your link says they won't do anything about nonapproved drugs imported from pharmacies outside the U.S. for personal use under certain conditions. That links doesn't say anything about being okay with a U.S. citizen transferring approved medicine to another citizen. What's the medication? As others have pointed out: do not do this under any circumstances. If you no longer need/want the pills than consult your local pharmacist and/or primary care on the proper disposal of the medication. It may be as simple as flushing it. [There are a few "recycling" programs](http://www.ncsl.org/research/health/state-prescription-drug-return-reuse-and-recycling.aspx) out there you could look into. If that doesn't work, look for local drug "take back" days. They dispose of them safely, rather than flushing them into the water supply. It's seriously illegal on both ends, but [there are a few "recycling" programs](http://www.ncsl.org/research/health/state-prescription-drug-return-reuse-and-recycling.aspx) out there you could look into.   Most anti-depressants are considered controlled substances, usually schedule III or IV. Narcotics and drugs like Adderall are schedule II just to put it in perspective, schedule I are illegal drugs. The USPS won't ship prescription drugs, FEDEX and UPS might but only if you are sending it to the person it is prescribed to because they forgot it. If you tried to ship these drugs to someone who doesn't have the prescription, and they don't since it is in your name, you will both come to the attention of the DEA. Its not worth it. yeah that's super illegal. like long prison sentence illegal. Admittedly, I am not a lawyer, and googled the question, so I fully admit that I’m at the mercy of what I found. However, on multiple sites I looked at, it mentioned it was a felony. is an example of one of the sites. I’m not sure if OP is looking to send it to another state, or mail it to another address in PA. If it’s staying in the state, it may or may not become a state issue as opposed to federal, I can’t find a definitive answer to that. Your source specifically addresses importing medication into the United States that the FDA hasn’t approved, that it’s illegal, and only in a very specific set of circumstances will it “not object,” of which it doesn’t appear the OP fits, except presumably having less than a 90 day supply. This has nothing to do with OP’s specific question. I stated it was a felony based on multiple sources I looked at. I’ll more than admit if I’m wrong, but at this point, I don’t believe I am. Did you copy and paste the wrong link?  To the best of my knowledge, that’s correct. Sometimes city governments will let you drop off expired medication so that it is properly destroyed, but there is no loophole that allows you to give medication prescribed to you to someone else. Do you have a source on that? Unless its a controlled substance (which 95% of antidepressants are not) there is no difference in how the law enforces a bottle of prozac versus a bottle of tylenol.  That's objectively untrue. The FDA has stated they dont care at all as long is its not a scheduled substance and its under a 90 day supply. []() When my insurance ran out i started to just order my medication from an online pharmacy that didnt require a script and despite the customs declaration stating "non controlled prescription medication" I have never even had issues with it being held up in customs over 2 years. This obviously doesnt apply to controlled substances but the only medication that is used as both an antidepressant and for pain relief is Lyrica, which is very rarely prescribed for depression so it doesn't fit OP's bill. The most OP might get is a letter from their postmaster saying "cut that shit out." Stating its a felony when you don't really know is very unhelpful. Prescribed by doctor and dispensed by the dr or a pharmacist. Unless you are one of those I would not consider it. Plus the person could react to or not take the medicine properly leaving you liable. You would still be looking at a felony. The person is already taking this exact medication, with the same dosage as well. They are not able to get approval for a new prescription and is trying to wean off, but at a steep decline, and the withdrawals are terrible. If they had more they could wean off slower to lower the effects. I was just hoping I could help as I'm just going to be destroying the remainder of what I have after I stopped taking them.  That's incredibly illegal on the state and federal level, you would both face years in prison.  The warnings in pretty much every medication commercial that states do not take this medication without a prescription for it are there for a reason. Distributing a controlled substance is pretty illegal. Not to mention, as you are (I'm assuming) not a doctor, what if the medication you give has a reaction with the medicine a person is taking - that could put you in the ways of a manslaughter charge or wrongful death suite should they die. You shouldn't flush or throw out unwanted medications. They can affect the environment and contaminate water. Simply take the remainder back to your local pharmacy and they will properly dispose of it.  Prescription medications must be given by a licensed doctor, no matter the kind of medication it is.  So there is no mechanism that allows unused medications to be transferred rather than flushed/destroyed?  This is a rough google search, but the only entities that are allowed to mail prescription medication have to be approved by the DEA, except in VERY specific situations. Even if you don’t take money for it, it is a felony and you can be fined or get up to 15 years in prison. In my opinion, definitely not worth the risk. It's very illegal because it's seen as distributing a controlled substance.  Do you want to go to federal prison? Because this is how you go to federal prison. It’s against Federal Law, and I’m pretty sure it’s also against PA laws as well.  It would be possible for both of you to go to prison. 