 This could easily go far too off and this is not my intention. I want objective feedback. Texas: IS this legal? My fiance has security cameras. He has them inside and outside. He gets text notifications when there is movement etc... he counts how often the neighbors go in and out of their driveway..... he thinks it's too much and they may be up to "no good". He watches me on the cameras in the house and will call me and ask why I'm doing xyz...while he is at work. He just had his older daughter come and watch our dog for the weekend and he is watching her and her boyfriend (24 years old) in the house and listening to their conversations. During an argument the other night he told me he records our fights...and says he will use them against me...if needed. Security cameras can be important -- but how do you feel about this level? He says he talked to his lawyer and he told him it was absolutely legal for him to record my behaviour in the house...AND told me if that if "I" record in "HIS" house...I could be charged with a crime....since it's an invasion of HIS privacy. You don't have to marry him. But this is the future of home security and culture is probably going to adapt (just like it did with social media). Home insurance policies already have discounts for having security cameras. It's a personal problem, not a legal one.  He may film in his house but not in places that have levels of "reasonable expectations" of privacy ie. bedroom, bathroom, etc He can film his neighbors coming in and out of their house since they are in view of the public. It is illegal for him however to record audio and likely breaks some wiretapping laws. That said, I would consider breaking off the engagement. Since you know you are being monitored and have no privacy in the home, that part is probably legal. Morally, I think that's horrendous even if it is legal. I'm not a psychiatrist, but your fiance sounds mentally unwell. From what you've said, he's paranoid and irrational, especially if he draws the line at himself being recorded. Also consider making a post on /r/relationship_advice, because this behavior, even absent some sort of mental illness, is extremely alarming. Stay safe.   legal? Why would you care and why would you marry a guy that'd do that sort of thing? Do you really believe he'd stop if you convinced him his actions are illegal. If you do live there? it'd be a fairly easy argument that you have expectation of privacy within the interior of the house/home. His actions violate that aspect in his use of the cameras as you describe. Like that should matter though. Consider it a learning experience what to expect from him going forward and get out now.  He hasn't specifically told them...but he has mentioned the cameras before. He also records people who are in the house....dog walker...and realtors. We had the house on the market for a short time and he had the cameras rolling.... As for me...yeah...he records non stop. I guess that's ok? legally... Personally, I would reconsider marrying someone that is that controlling. As to the legal side of things, has he told his daughter and the boyfriend that they are being audio recorded? If not, then he is eavesdropping and that is illegal. Texas is a one party consent state but since he isn't a party to their conversation, it is not legal. As to your arguments with him, since he is a party to them he can record them. So can you.  If you were in a movie, the locked room in the basement would be full of the bodies of his previous victims. 