 So a while back my car (Black/Grey 1998 Lexus ES 300, ~150,000miles) got rear ended by tri-axle dump truck at the job site I was working at. The contractor claimed he parked the truck close to my vehicle in a blind spot so when another person went to move the truck they pulled into the left bumper and tail light of my car. The tail light was broken but the light was functional and the outside bumper was scuffed. Once I dropped the car off at the body shop they called me at the end of the day saying that the ~$1500 estimate on the damage by the contractors insurance company was a under estimation of the cost to repair. The body shop said they would have to contact the insurance company to get another estimate and that it could take a few days to get it figured out. I said that was fine and asked if he would call me back when he got word from them. Late Thursday night (didn’t even see it until Friday afternoon) I got an email saying that my car had been deemed a “total loss” and the title was revoked. After calling the insurance company and my insurance company to contact them as well they will not budge on taking it back and just giving me the original title and ~$1500 to get it fixed myself. So my question is if there is any other legal recourse I could take since I was never notified of this happening. It feels like my car was stolen away from me. I the insurance is saying once it’s deemed totaled it can’t be undone.  It doesn’t take very much damage to total a 20 year old car. Unfortunately even “cosmetic” damage counts against that threshold. It looks like in Pennsylvania that number is cost of repairs + scrap metal value. If that reaches the value of the car, then it gets the salvage title. So the insurance adjuster should give you a call where they will offer to settle on the value of the car with you. You can also call the insurance claim handler yourself to find out what they are offering if you don't want to wait for them to call you. At that time you can tell them if you want to keep the check they sent and retain the vehicle. You can then have the vehicle repaired and file for a salvage title. NAL means "not a lawyer". I just work in a body shop. Right but in the email it claimed that it was “probable that it would be a total loss” and the the insurance adjuster that had been speaking with would contact me about going forward with that or just keeping the initial check they gave me and trying to get it fixed my self. My dad runs a mom n pop shop mechanic who actually went there to check it since it’s right down the road and said under the bumper looked fine. The only damage was really the broken light, a small dent and scuffed bumper. So since there is record of them saying probable in writing and that they would contact me by phone isn’t that fault on their end? Also NAL stands for? Thanks for the help btw!! Once it is deemed a total loss that's final. However you can retain the vehicle and have it fixed. You will have to register it as a salvage title, and most likely have the car inspected by a special shop. NAL just work in a body shop. Also the salvage title requirements may vary by state.