 Actual questions below, but relevant information first. In 2001 I was the victim of identity theft, check book, wallet, credit card etc were all stolen and used. I filled a police report and my bank worked with me on my checking account, but the credit card company refused. I sent them the police report and outlined all charges put on the card that were not mine. About $1000 total. After a few years, maybe 2005? I got a letter from a law firm saying they were attempting to collect the debt. I proceeded to send them a copy of the police report and a brief hand written letter explaining the circumstance and how the credit card company refused to work with me and I still refused to pay the debt. In 2009 this law firm filled some sort of paperwork in county court, I forget what it was. I was flat broke at the time so did not get a lawyer but again got what I could from the police department and submitted that and a self written letter of dispute about the claim. Today my HR department emailed me saying there is going to be a 25% garnishment order put on my paycheck and gave me a copy of the court order saying they had to do so. I had just got a certified letter in the mail on Wednesday that I have yet to pick up from the post office, but I am guessing it is from this law firm. I have two questions, first one is what would be my next steps in fighting this. I am much better off financially so I will be getting a lawyer to look over this, but would still like to do as much as possible on my own and have a better understanding of how they are allowed to do this. Second question, what kind of lawyer should I be looking for? So there is also a Statue of limitation of 6 years in Washington. If you have a debt in your name that you have made no attempts to pay in the last 6 years, they legally can't sue you to garnish your wages. So since you said this happened in 2001, and its now 2019, they legally can't go after you. However, they can try and trick you into paying, so long as you stand firm, and tell them it is has never been, nor never will be your debt, you're fine. I'm not a lawyer, so definitely double check with one experienced with this. If they are threatening to sue after the Statute has run out, maybe you could counter-sue for harassment?