 So, as the title says, I sent my final thesis assignment, essentially the big project for my major, in May to my professor, intending to graduate as part of the class of Spring 2018. I assumed everything would turn out fine. I did everything I was supposed to do. In September, I saw the professor in person, and he told me I never sent him the thesis. I told him it was in his email, and he said he would check. He never did, and I resent it multiple times. Eventually, I sent an email saying I would need to hear from him by Thursday, or I would go to the division board and escalate things. He never responded, so I messaged the board about the issue, and they said it would be resolved. Throughout this time, he never checked his email. Due to the professor's inaction, I have yet to graduate, despite turning everything in, and will be considered the class of Fall 2018. I have considered suing the college for allowing a professor to be grossly negligent, as well as for the fact I have been unable to get a job in the industry intended, due to a lack of a degree. Is this viable? I would really like to see the college change their policies to not let a professor fuck around like this, but in addition I feel I should receive financial compensation for the professor's, as well as the college's, gross negligence. You have no case to sue. Feel free to pay a lawyer in your area to see what they say though.  I was under the assumption I had graduated, and that after I spoke with him, he would check his email. After I checked my grade, I realized he had yet to grade it, and then went to him again, then the school. I'm in California. I still feel it's gross negligence to not check his email for an assignment, especially when I paid so much for the college. Where are you located? I'm unclear on how this could happen. Wasn't there be a grade of some sort tied to your Thesis? If so, when was it (the thesis) due? And why didn't you follow up sooner when you received an F or an I for the assignment that literally determines whether or not you graduate? 