 Hello Redditors, as the title states, my father passed away last month. He was terminally ill and I was his caretaker for the past 4 years and also the executor of his will (he does have one!). This is what I have done so far or have on my to do list: \-I have paid all funeral expenses in full. \-I am waiting for the last round of medical bills to come through (but he was on Medicare and we had a great supplement plan so I expect these to be negligible). \-I have cancelled accounts and let creditors know that he has passed, total debt looks like $7,500 at the moment (I can pay this from the estate) \-He has four properties and has left me three properties and my sister one, he very specifically stated in his will that only the proceeds of the apartment go to her and not the actual apartment. He did this because he has tenants living in the property and he didn't want my sister to force the sale of it, if you haven't guessed from him leaving her only one, she can be a handful to deal with. I planned to give her the option of keeping it if she can obtain a mortgage, if not I will sell it and give her the proceeds. \-He has about $50k in a retirement account, I don't remember who is listed as the beneficiary, it is either me alone or myself and my sister, but the will states that it goes to me (so I don't know what happens in that circumstance). The will pretty much says "sister get's proceeds of one home, edenrocks receives all remaining assets". The will was later than the beneficiary designation (which I am waiting to receive). I am continuing to care for the properties and make sure everything is paid and taxes are up to date. One of the properties was his primary home and I plan to rent that home out. I would like to keep the three properties that he left me, they are all low loan to value (50% or less) and on track to be paid off in 7 years. I have been asking the banks about assumption, but they are slow in getting back to me and I am afraid I might be needing to look into new mortgage options, but from what I understand we must go through probate first. I have zero idea how probate works and I was hoping for some clarity on that. Also, am I needing to do anything that I haven't thought of yet? This is my first time handling an estate. Thank you so much kind Redditors. We did have an attorney draft the will, but my calls to him have gone unanswered and now I am unsure if I need to hire a probate attorney. Basically, I've kept everything handled but I am not really sure where to go from here.  Truthfully it sounds like there's enough money there to hire a lawyer and get them to do this so you are covered. PA has some weird rules. Normally the named beneficiaries get whatever the policy awards.