 I'm facing a court summons w/ a lady I rear ended a year or so ago, being sued for damages to her person sustained in that accident, but I came out fine, no bodily injury but a bit stunned from having been involved. I'm mostly looking for advice on how to face the situation and what to prepare for/expect because I don't know what to do. At the time, I was driving to a separate campus for class, but was drowsy from classes I had earlier. I was doing a good job of keeping alert, but I knew then and now that I should've just taken a few minutes to sleep it off until my next class, yet I figured I could do it once I got there; it's a 30 min drive from the main campus to its branch where I had another class that's only available there. Coming up on a red light, I start to doze off, but luckily for me I had started applying pressure to my brakes. I didn't stop quick enough and rear ended someone. I can't remember the details like the speed I was going, but the damage was small paint swapping on either bumpers, and bolt marks left on her rear bumper from my license plate frame, so I would I assume I was close to 5-10 mph; maybe that's just me being optimistic. We pulled over, she was distressed over being hit and feeling lower back pain. We exchanged info, called the police, and talked to them. She had an ambulance and their medics check on her, but at the time I felt I really needed to get to class and was also feeling stunned and anxious about hitting someone (that was my second accident) so I asked if I could leave if they were done w/ me. I wasn't feeling any sort of pain, I judged my car to be fine, so they let me leave after getting more info. Fast forward a bit, and I don't know the exact details about most of this, but this is how I understand it: she sues my parents' insurance for damages, we get kicked off, I think they paid for it, and from here I thought we'd moved on. At the time, I thought she sued because she was taking advantage of the situation and wanted easy money to pay her medical bills and act as a catalyst of punishment. Now that I've looked online, I understand it's quite possible to sustain an injury from little to no damage to vehicles, but having something like whiplash leave lasting effects. Today, my parents recieve a letter saying my stepfather and I are being sued for damages totaling $15k, w/ 20 days to respond. I don't know how its come to this, maybe because the insurance didn't completely settle it w/ her, but now she's after us. A bit of background to my situation. I'm a bad driver due to my short driving history of getting three speeding tickets, three rear-end accidents, and getting my family kicked out of our insurance company. My stepfather is helping me pay for my car, I cosigned w/ him under his previous insurance. They found another company to cover them while I had to find my own w/ help. I ended up having to cancel mine, which basically covered my car and I, because I was paying too much per month and I wasn't getting paid enough to cover it. I live w/ roommates, but I'm out of a job for now, so I'm living off of my savings. I'm better at driving nowadays since I'm not in such a rush to get to places and whatnot. Now this is a separate tidbit that I finally got resolved, sort of, but basically while looking for insurance, my parents managed to insure themselves and my car, but not me and w/o realizing that my car was included. I found another insurance for me and my car, so it had double coverage that I ended up getting refunded for after discovering it six months after the fact. So now my car is still insured by my parents, but I myself am not part of it and can only drive it w/ permission. My stepfather has a decent job but even he's not earning enough to not bat an eye to being sued for $15k. Thanks for reading up to this point, any advice and knowledge is appreciated. I know it's my fault and all, but damn, I just feel really bad for my mistakes having to affect my family this way, even after having moved out. I tried wording this to be clear and be followed easily, but if you have any questions or would like more details, minus personal info ofc, just let me know. I don't have that much details even now about this so I'll try to answer as best as I can. Yes. Assuming there are no coverage issues like you being an excluded driver. Yes.  Even if we're not w/ them anymore? I'll do that and make sure I get more info as well as, I'm sure my stepdad will as well in the morning. If you were covered during the accident, then you need to contact them and inform them of this new claim. We were covered then, by USAA if that means anything, but we're not w/ them anymore. I, not my parents, have contacted them yet since it's already ate in the day. Did you have insurance at the time of the accident, and if so have you contacted them?