 I’m in Arkansas. So I got new neighbors several months ago. Three sides of my yard are privacy fenced and one is the chain link we share with our new neighbors. They are new. We have lived here over 20 years. On the opposite side of their yard the other neighbors also have a dog. My dog does bark at this dog. She runs up and down my yard and will bark several times. After I got the first complaint I went to their home and talked with the wife (it’s just a retired couple who live there). I gave them my cellphone number and told them to call me anytime. I told them if they text me I have will her brought in immediately. I also said I would gladly leave her in anytime they wanted to work in the yard on that fence line without her being there. Granted, she does not just stand and excessively bark at them. She lets out a few then gets bored and walks around the yard. But I wanted to offer. I also agreed to leave her in a significant amount more. Which I have. She is out a total of maybe 2 hours a day, just sporadically in little bursts so she can use the restroom and run a minute. Then I get the second warning. They did not attempt to contact me personally. I continue letting her out only to potty and come back in. Today I got the citation that I’m being summoned to court for her barking. I go over one more time and ask them to talk about it as neighbors instead of bothering animal control. I ask him why he never attempted to contact me when he has my phone number. He had no response to that. I explained to him that I’m trying to put up privacy fencing as fast as I can, but I’m a currently in a graduate program and doing the best I can. He was very arrogant and I got the vibe he just thinks lowly of me. At one point he said, “if you’re a school teacher, shouldn’t you already have a degree?” which was basically making a mockery of my entire graduate work. But that’s beside the point. He also very openly admitted that the barking had significantly decreased. But apparently not enough. I’m horrified. I’ve never been to court. I was told if I plead guilty I will have to pay a fine. If I plead not guilty I will go through court. Animal control advised me to get my other neighbors to testify in court for me. I just don’t want to be a burden and ask that of people. Since talking with him this afternoon I have called a contractor to give me a quote on privacy fencing. I’ve also bought a shock collar. I never wanted it to come to that, but here we are. I’m doing everything I know to do. But he apparently expects her to never make a sound. She does occasionally bark. It is, in my opinion, not excessive. If you stand outside my house at night, my neighborhood is a chorus of dog barks. It’s also worth mentioning she is never outside after 9pm. She sleeps in the house. What is my best course of action here? How do you even fight a claim like this?  Good job on all of the above. We also had one of those collars and even at vibrate it can be too stressful for your dog. Glad you and your neighbors came to a compromise and you don't have to go through the process with the complaint even though I'm sure they would it would of been dismissed. Much better for neighbors to be neighborly. The one I bought has a setting for beeping, vibrating, and shocking as a last resort. I don’t want to punish her. I don’t believe in shock collars. But I’m having to do everything I can to show I’m not ignoring the complaint. I talked with my neighbor yesterday and we came to a compromise like actual neighbors. He has agreed to call and drop his complaints. He agreed the barking she had been doing recently was tolerable and if I could keep it at that, he could live with it. I’m hoping to just have it on her for show at the very least. I may use the vibration setting. She’s very intelligent and it may actually work.  Don't use a shock collar on your dog. All that will do is increase their anxiety and decrease their ability to trust you and anyone else. Shouldn't punish a dog for being a dog. It just says an animal is considered a nuisance if they “bark excessively” and doesn’t give a time frame. To me, that wording is very subjective. What exactly is excessive?  Your neighbor sounds like a jerk. I would definitely look into what qualifies as a noise ordinance infraction in your city because I highly doubt that your dog broke any rules