 Location: I am based in New York and this question may involve an interstate commerce transaction. Background: I purchased a big ticket item online recently (a little over $6,000). The merchant is a privately held company employing 4 individuals. I received the wrong item. To be fair, it is somewhat similar in design. I immediately contacted the merchant who informed me that they believe that the item I received (a different product in their inventory) was mislabeled internally as the item I was supposed to receive. I was also informed by the employee that this was escalated for review by the company owner. In the meanwhile, I provided all pictures and information requested by the employee, including full legal name and prior maiden name used. I also sent back the wrong item at my own expense. I just heard back from the merchant that they reviewed their video footage of packaging my order and they believe they sent me the right item. Therefore, they are denying me a refund. In light of this, I feel that my only recourse is to file a chargeback. Question: Part 1: Once I file a chargeback and this goes into arbitration between our banking institutions, does the merchant's video footage serve as adequate proof that they indeed delivered the correct item? Part 2: Does video footage of me unboxing the item serve as adequate proof I received the wrong item? Thank you in advance for your help. Oof. Didn't realize you decided to return it on your own, my bad. That... wasn't the best idea. But I assume you have the tracking information and already told them you sent it back? Figured it had to be jewelry, at that price asking for pictures and basic personal info is pretty reasonable imo. I understand it's still frustrating though. It was jewelry. So it looks like the company started off on Etsy where they had thousands and thousands of positive reviews. They no longer operate on Etsy, just their personal website now. They didn't tell me to return it. I sent it back while I was waiting to hear back after they told me it was probably mislabeled. (I guess I was a little naive/overly optimistic - I was hoping that by the time my return package reached them, they would've found the correct item in their inventory, and it would expedite my receiving the right item.) I'm just starting to feel mad, because I feel like I've been really cooperative by sending them everything they asked me, including pictures and personal information.  Are you sure this is a reputable company? What kind of item was it? Tbh I'd be surprised if they even had a video that show the entire pick, pack, and ship process for each individual item. Especially one that's clear enough to 100% prove they sent you the right thing. If they had that why wouldn't they just review it before telling you the item was probably mislabeled and to return it? You paid for the item, they can't have you send it back and then refuse to refund/replace it. I doubt it, an unboxing video would be easy to fake. But you also have emails, order information, pictures, and proof that you returned the item. I'm going to explain a roundabout way you can get the correct product and then the legal action you can take. So new york is a single party consent state. Meaning you can record your phone call with the company. Get an app or something to do that( that is if the company is also in New York). Call and ask if they received the wrong product you sent to them. "Hi, I was calling to see if you received the A product I sent back". When they say yes, then you ask to speak to the manager. When you get the manager you go " I ordered B product and was sent A. Your employee verified A product was returned and I have not been issued a refund. At this point you'll get sent back to the owner and have audio evidence from an employee that has no knowledge of what is going on. So at that point you'll either get your product or a refund. If you don't then you can try a charge back amd if that fails then small claims court. You have images of the received product. They have a video of the product you ordered going into a box. Could be your box could be someone else's