 He's lived there since 1987. He's won his cancer fight. Yet last month new owners took a poll asking who smoked in the complex and now they sent a letter stating a smoking ban will be in effect. Banning smoking from all the old peoples residences, the parking lot (including in his vehicle) and within 25feet of the property grounds. He has to sign a renewal for his lease Tuesday. Is this legal? Can they evict my dad for smoking? He's not scared of cancer, he's not hurting anyone, he wishes he was dead and he just wants to be left in peace for the rest of his short days. Anyone?  As of January, 2012 California landlords have the right to restrict or even completely ban smoking on all or parts of the rental premises, common areas and individual units included. (CC § 1947.5.) If your rental agreement does not currently prohibit smoking, your landlord can give you a 30-day notice of change of terms of tenancy covering anti-smoking rules. The landlord’s new smoking restrictions will not affect you if you have a lease unless your lease is renegotiated mid-lease or it is renewed at the end. And if your apartment complex includes a children’s play area or a “tot lot” sandbox area, your landlord must prohibit smoking within 25 feet under state law. (H S § 104495.) For future reference, California’s smoking law requires leases entered into on or after January, 2012 to include the landlord’s smoking policy, if the landlord has one. If his lease didn't expire, they can't make him do that. If his lease is gonna expire soon, they can put that as one of the rules in the new lease he has to sign. There's few options 1. He can quit smoking (I get that it might be near impossible. My father has been smoking for 35+ years and can't quit but it's an option nonetheless) 2. He can relocate (again I get it. Nobody likes relocating, but it's just 1 shitty day) 3. He can leave their property to smoke (not sure about the 25 feet thing being enforceable tbh. If 3 feet away from the "property" lands on him a public street, they cantreally enforce it. This one is a bit vague). This one depends how often he smokes. If he smokes 1-2 cigarettes a day, a walk wouldn't hurt. If it's a few packs a day, this one is probably not an option for him He doesn't own the space, and it's legal and quite common for landlords to prohibit smoking. Cigarette smoke can damage walls, rugs, upholstery, etc. and removing the smell is very difficult.  Does his home share walls with other tenants? Cigarette smoke is persistent and invasive. It’s is also extremely damaging to the building. Your dad’s landlord is protecting their asset and their other tenants enjoyment of their homes without smoke creeping through walls. Is your dad able to walk? That may be his only solution, to walk the distance necessary for his smoking not to bother other residents? I won't know more until the weekend. My dad is heavily medicated due to his condition. I'm sorry You've not been clear in your responses to the question about what he's being asked to sign... maybe find out and edit your original post. Is he under a current long-term (year or more) lease, month to month, is this an addendum to the current lease, a new lease, etc...? IANAL... To be clear here, no one can "force" him to sign anything. If someone makes threats of bodily harm, for example, that would be illegal. They CAN opt to not let him live in the home he's known if he doesn't like the new rules.... that's not forced, it's how leases work: sign or get out. A few things depending on the circumstances.... If he's under his current lease and still has time left on it (say he's 4 months into a 12 month lease) they have no legal leg to make him sign anything that would modify his current lease. They usually can modify portions of the lease that control the use of common areas - they can make a new "no smoking rule" in the courtyards, hallways, parking lot, pool, etc... and it can be enforced (including eviction). They cannot modify his use of his own private residence. If he's on a month to month lease, they can change the lease and demand he sign a new lease with new rules - or he can leave the property within 30 days. They can't demand he sign anything (under the threat of eviction) until his current lease term is up, but if he doesn't sign now they can rescind the offer when the current lease is up... so it's in his interest to make up his mind quickly. All that said, if this is section 8 housing or under rent control there MAY be some rules about how much a lease can be changed from term to term, and you may find some help with HUD or the tenant board or whatever CA has in place... of course it's CA, they don't really care about smokers (nor do I, but I do care about tenants and their rights....) Oh, and if his car is on their property, they can also forbid smoking in his car while on their property....  Which they can't do until his current lease expires. But this is prohibiting him from smoking in his personal living space. That's what's getting me If he still has a current lease they can't make him sign a new one with new terms. Once his current lease is up, however, they're allowed to modify the lease and he can take it or leave it. If the current lease doesn't explicitly allow smoking in common areas, he would likely have to abide by any new rules pertaining to area outside of his apartment. It sounds like they are making amendments to the lease and he has resign Tuesday.  Thanks.  Are they going to terminate his lease or just not renew it? They can't add rules in the middle of a lease but they can once it ends. It's been his home but smoking damages their property. Someone else here mentioned offering to pay an additional deposit to cover the damage. That might be worth trying but they won't have to accept it.  This isn't eviction (yet). This is the end of a lease, assuming your father does not wish to sign a new lease that prohibits smoking. Eviction begins once your father overstays the lease period. There isn't. The community can set whatever terms they want in the lease (as long as it's not discriminatory, and smoker status isn't protected by law).  Problem is, he's not the only smoker it's the entire community of old folks that live there. All those old people smoke. There has to be something that can be done to prevent them all from being evicted  That's what I thought. I just don't want to relocate my dad if he can't quit smoking and they terminate his lease for smoking in his own home  Doesn't sound like he's being forced to sign anything? Also doesn't sound like he's being evicted, just that his lease is ending. It's perfectly reasonable for them to not allow smoking in the new lease.  Might just make sense to put it the way you just did, point out that nicotine withdrawal at your fathers age and in his health could be a hardship, and offer the owner an extra smoking security deposit for the cost of painting and carpet. Additionally, promise that you dad won’t smoke in any common areas. 