 Fiance and I moved from WI to GA in June 2018. We moved in to unwashed carpet, unswept floors, and any other cosetic damage you can think of from graffiti outside to peeling walls and paint smears all over the warped bathroom floor. But those things are not "unlivable" things. The AC worked for 2 days. Over the next 2 solid months (have emails going back and forth weekly between us and apartment manager) the AC went out. Fiance knew straight away that the thermostat itself was broken. Separate issue to the actual unit being too old. They didn't want to replace the full unit, so the 2 months was replacing part by part, line by line, and ordering over the cost of all of that combined in freon every other day. We had a single window fan for a while. We also had a portable unit. The apartment manager (who was excessively friendly, our age, our hobbies, and "real with us") brought her own computer fan over at some point? Anyway, they fixed it by repairing the whole thing, after weeks of our apartment being at 80F or higher every day. While this is happening we realize our sliding glass patio doors have literally no seals. It's metal on metal. They went and got us plastic strips for the top and one side and told us to install it. The GA sun melted them off in a week. Then for about 2 weeks, we couldn't have any food or drink out for more than 5 minutes without finding drain flies inside of them. We put out vinegar traps in every room. 24 hours net us about 20 flies a jar, about 8 jars. That took multiple spray downs and eventually we just got organic material eater and poured it down our drains every day for a couple weeks. Since mid December, our kitchen sinks were backing up. At first it was just when we were using said sink. Then, it was when the apartment above us was using their sink. They (meaning the apartment's own maintenance) snaked our drains several times, flushed the whole building's lines several times, and the issue came back within a day every time. And we had feces water all over our buildings front steps and parking lot until it rained or we got used to it. Might still be there. Then we walked into our bathroom 3 days ago to find standing water covering the floor. We mopped and flushed the toilet BECAUSE AT THIS POINT, WHY NOT? and discover the seal is shot. So over comes maintenance again, they pull up toilet and reseal in a few minutes. But the kitchen sink! Still! Won't! Drain! now, it's completely unmoving. So he tries to stick a wire up in it again and it breaks off. Because the only other service they called left THEIR wire thing broken in the pipe already. But, since these guys are used to coming to fix other people's mistakes, they got it working! But it took 4 hours on a Friday night and they aren't done. They are now going to notify our complex that they need to come back and jackhammer up our bathroom floor, the hallway in our unit, and part of the outer hallway of the building. While they were in there, and one of the first things they noticed, was holes in our pipes that apparently very much should not have holes. We have NO idea how old these holes are. But, we have a 28 year old woman and her elderly cat that have both been sick (never had allergies before but not afraid to call them new allergies) since moving in and been getting worse. Our cat was BEAUTIFUL, albeit a little older, when we moved in. We cannot find the source of her constant licking and chewing and sneezing. She has licked her fur off in patches everywhere. Absolutely no mites or fleas. Could this be from gasses coming from pipes? Mold? This place was built in the 60s and it seems like they will do anything not to spend any money to update it. We don't really even use our kitchen drawers because the act of moving them in or out creates a layer of sawdust on whatever is inside the drawer. Our apartment manager suggested to accidentally break our patio doors, so that maybe the owner will use proper seals when installing a new set of doors! Which we ARE NOT going to do, but. COME ON, NOW. We have barely even complained. We don't understand our rights. Personally, I have lived in a car? So while it would be nice to live in luxury, having shelter is the key point. Cosmetic is cosmetic. But at what point does irritation turn into quality of life issues? How would you even go about trying to make sure your air is clean? Oh and there's no filter on our kitchen sink spout. We fill a filter jug inside our fridge each and every day because we are water drinkers. Maybe we could just go buy one. But... when is enough, enough? The lease specifies that "as long as they are trying to resolve issues", we cannot break. We feel like the effort is not real or that we are being lied to. We don't want to cause problems, but we are living inside of problems. Is this a learning experience, or something we can get out of? Any help is appreciated. We just don't know.