 My parents, siblings, and I live in a medium-sized city right near a college campus. A lot of reckless behavior happens in our area. It’s usually not a problem, but we had an incident recently. We have a tree house with a very low guard rail in our front yard, which my dad built for us when we were little. Some drunk guy climbed up into the tree house last week (walking home from a party and decided to screw around), then fell over the guard rail and broke his foot, wrist, and tailbone. I slept through through the whole thing, but as far as I heard, my parents got him to the hospital, he got sorted out, and that was the end of it. But now, the guy’s parents are threatening to sue my parents for the unsafe conditions of the treehouse. Can they actually do that? How much could the suit amount to? I’m starting college in the fall, so money is a big concern for us.  [removed] The correct response to this is "lol", which is probably also what the judge will say (albiet in long form) in the unlikely event they file.   I'd start by notifying your homeowner's insurance. If they accept coverage for this case, they will pay an attorney to defend the claim (or pay the plaintiff to go away).  The drunk guy definitely does.  Had a similar situation and talked to a friend who is a police officer. He told me that because they trespassed they can't do anything to sue or hurt you financially. When I confronted the person about trespassing and how they admitted to trespassing with this lawsuit they tensed up and asked to "put it behind us" Oh they absolutely can sue. But just because you file a lawsuit doesn't mean you can win the lawsuit. The shape of the case would be like this. The plaintiffs allege that due to your parents' negligent maintenance of the treehouse, they suffered injury and are entitled to compensation. Your parents defense would be that they don't owe the plaintiffs anything since the plaintiffs trespassed on their land in order to reach the tree house, negligently maintained or not. They have no obligation to maintain their property in order to protect tresspassers since tresspassers aren't supposed to be there anyway (see the argument used by New York Central Railroad in the case of [Hynes v. NYCRR](). Hypothetically, the lawsuit could be for the total amount of the students' medical bills, lost wages and/or tuition if he was unable to attend classes while injured, and perhaps even punitive damages for pain and suffering. I am not a lawyer and it would not be appropriate for me to say that one side or another would win this case with ease. But the argument that no due dillegence is due to tresspassers is a very powerful one, and it is absolutely a valid strategy if they actually go ahead and sue. Good advice. I’ve told them that before, and they keep saying they’ll “get around to it.” :/ Yeah, he was 22, so not a child for sure.... thanks! I would file a small claims suit against the guy for the damages he caused and the cost to take him to the hospital.  This time. But they should definitely do something about it before a kid breaks their neck and they're defending a giant wrongful death suit. Securing the base of the ladder - either by making it removable or putting a lockable hinged door over it - seems to be the preferred method for front yard treehouses.  What exactly are these threats to sue? Calls? Emails? Letters? Demand letters from an attorney? All of the above can be ignored. If they actually do get served with a lawsuit they should turn it over to their homeowner's insurance. I looked into it right after writing this and Virgina specifically excludes adults in it's attractive nuisance laws.  Mom likely lacks standing. Virgina attractive nuisance laws specifically exclude adults, so I think they're safe.  Ugh unfortunately, as rare as it is, sometimes these cases do go through. The fact that he was drunk probably won’t sit well with a judge though. Absolute best of luck my friend! A treehouse is pretty likely to be considered an attractive nuisance, meaning that the homeowners or occupants are likely to be liable if a kid injures themselves playing in it. It's less clear that an adult has any recourse against you, but either way, if a lawsuit shows up, they'll want to talk to their homeowner's or renter's insurance. I'm pretty sure attractive nuisances don't apply to drunk adults or their mommies. Unless they are served with a lawsuit, they should not be concerned. If they do, they should retain an attorney. No one can guess what silly number he or mother dearest would come up with in terms of suit amount. 