 Hi all. I was in a car accident a week ago. I don't want to reveal too much as this was a pretty specific situation, but I was 100 miles from home in a multi-passenger vehicle. I had paid for a service from the company who owns the vehicle to take me to do something "fun" if you will. We were on our way to begin this "fun" thing when we were stopped at a red light and rear ended at 55+ mph. At fault driver was ticketed for speeding and following too closely. I'd guess he was texting as he never attempted to stop, but I know that's just hearsay. Everyone inside of the vehicle went to the hospital with neck injuries. I was diagnosed with a neck sprain and a minor head injury. I'm not sure of the total medical costs, I've reached out to the hospital to get a copy of my bills. I was taken off of work for 4 days. I am having an extreme amount of anxiety regarding driving and my injuries. I can't do normal housework, cooking, grocery shopping. I can't work out. I have an upcoming trip I don't think I'm going to be able to take (though I didn't pay for this trip). I can't be intimate with my significant other. I'm a wreck and so angry that this happened. Not that it's really relevant, but I've had an EXTREMELY difficult month and was much looking forward to this special thing and it was totally ruined and then some by this young kid acting totally negligent. I live in a no fault state so all medical costs are being covered by the insurance company of the vehicle I was a passenger in. The at fault party's insurance company has reached out to me and offered a settlement of 3k for pain and suffering. I plan to also ask for lost wages (currently about $600). I also hope to be able to still do this "fun" thing in the future and there are costs associated with that, hotel, gas and mileage, childcare etc. Just looking for some guidance on whether the settlement offer is fair and what other expenses I am able to recoup related to the event we didn' get to do because of this accident. Thanks in advance. It sounds like you are looking for some monetary award for "future pain and suffering" etc. If so, you need to get a lawyer. Funny. 😑 You probably don't want to try to get the insurance company to pay for your coke and hooker. 