 There is apparently an old credit card debt totaling around $1100. The account was opened in March 2012 and charged off by original creditor and purchased by a collector in July 2017. She has no idea when the last time a payment was made. What should she do? Yours is a common misconception. Thank you for acknowledging your mistake. Years ago, I believed as you did. I just had to learn how to research.  Thank you. I've never had one go to a lawsuit, so I didnt know (and probably shouldn't have commented on that part). The debt collector is not required to provide validation now because a summons and complaint is not an initial communication that triggers a consumer’s right to request validation. The defendant can receive documents through discovery.  Typically 7 years from date of HER last activity is the point where they can't sue. Your state may vary. But from what you've said, it seems like the date of last activity was in the last couple of years. So she's going to have to play ball. If they get a judgment it's good for 10 years (YMMV), renewable for another 10. So she can probably "settle" the debt for 50 cents on the dollar or so, which means they'll stop coming after her. Legally, though, she still owes the rest of the money, so she'll have to pay it if you guys, say, wanted to get a mortgage. Another option is "pay for delete". Pay the whole thing, and in return the collection agency will delete the existence of the debt from her credit record. This would be the better move if you can afford it. Under no circumstances should you just ignore this and hope it will go away. Creditors can take money from her wages, her bank accounts, or any joint bank accounts you own with her. 7 years is for it to drop from the credit reports and no longer be reportable. OP is in Florida which appears to have a 5 year SoL for suing. However, without knowing the DoFD, OP may still (or not! ) be screwed. Florida appears to have a 5 year Statute of Limitations on suing for debts. As long as they have not been to court yet, immediately send the collection agency a debt validation letter requesting specifically the Date of First Delinquency. You should be able to get this off her credit report as well, use annualcreditreport.com to get them. You can get all 3 reports free every 12 months, this is federal law. This is step one, as a DV letter stops collection efforts till they respond, however the SoL clock still ticks. If the DoFD is more than 5 years before the trial date, you might be able to make them go away by writing a letter stating as much. However you may have to go to court with this defense. If it is truly out of SoL, you can ask the judge for a dismissal with prejudice which means they will never be able to collect as they can no longer sue you. Good luck! http://www.leg.state.fl.us/Statutes/index.cfm?App_mode=Display_Statute URL=0000-0099/0095/0095.html Thank you for the reply. What do you mean by not being 7 years yet. I do not think that credit reporting time is the same as any statute of limitations. How should we go about paying? Mail a money order? Well, it's not at 7 years yet, so she's gonna have to cut a deal. See if they'll settle it out for 50% or so. Do not tell them where you bank. Do not tell them where she works. Do not send a personal check.