 So we bought this house in march and our realtor mentioned that the neighbors had an easement on our driveway to access the back. Both lots are very small and ours has a car port in the back instead of a back yard. Our neighbors have a gate to their backyard from our carport/driveway, they do not have a spot to park in their back yard, its just to bring back bark, etc to their yard. Side note, Our price range didnt give us a lot of options so an easement or not wasnt a factor in whether we would have bought it. Anyways, we moved in and met with them and they also spoke about the easement and how they had to get it to use the house as an airbnb and something about off street parking technicality. Fast forward a few months when I had time to actually organize our paperwork, I noticed there isnt anything on our title report for any easements. I went to the county clerks and Assesors office and there isnt anything in thier system either. I dont want to rock the boat with our neighbors, but if they dont have a legal easement I want to be very careful that we dont screw ourselves with being too nice. Does anyone know if there may be somewhere I'm not checking that may have the easement, things to becareful of, or have advice on how to approach our neighbors moving forward so they know they have no legal right to our driveway?  You said "bought" so you should have received a copy of the deed which should have a survey map of the property. That map will have all of the easements marked. Not necessarily. Also, I would ask the neighbor for a copy of the documentation since it sounds like this was a fairly recent endeavor. What he's referring to as an "easement" may be simply written permission from the prior owner for the neighbor to cross over his (now your) property to get to the back yard. In that case though, wouldn't it be on our title report?  The clerks and assessors may not have access to the right documentation. You will need to have an attorney do a title search of the deeds on both properties to see if an easement was ever created. No, our houses face a street. Pull the title for both properties and read through them for any mention of an easement. If none exists ask them where said easement is recorded. Do they need this easement to access their property? If so there is a thing called easement by necessity. So in other words, if you denied them access, and they needed access, they could probably get an easement, and all you would have accomplished is wasting time and money and making new enemies. Of course with no location who knows.