 Hi all, I went downtown last night to a bar I'd never been to. Was with a friend who was also drunk. We got drinks, stood around, and eventually I took a seat on a chair by the wall and just sipped on my drink (plastic cup). At some point, I look up and see a big group of people have gotten into a fight and are pushing from my right to my left, and one or more shoved into me really hard. I sat there for a second, looked down at my hand, and it was absolutely destroyed. Bleeding profusely all over my clothes, the floor, everywhere. My right index finger and middle finger have massive gashes near the mid-knuckle. Immediately after, I walked outside and asked the bouncers why they would let this mob of angry people in, and their answer was "it's 10 of them and 2 of us, what do you want us to do?" ..... I duno, you're right, just let me and who knows else get stabbed or killed. Let someone else handle security. So I asked if they caught them at least, and they sarcastically, dismissively said "yeah man we got em." I also asked if I could at least get the security footage for later, they didn't help at all. Literally nothing. They didn't call the police or anything, and I was sitting there gushing blood everywhere. So I walked off and got an uber to the hospital. At the hospital I got stitches in both fingers, but the index finger is poorly/not stitched because the NP said there was too much skin missing to sew it together. Also had an x-ray done. All without insurance. Luckily my step sister works at the hospital and has helped me get paperwork going for indigent care, but I'll still be paying for it all. This morning I filed a police report and it was a joke. Nothing is going to be done because it's a college town and this probably happens all the time. What are my options? Should I ask the bar directly for that camera footage if it exists? Do I go to them with my bills? Thank you a ton in advance. Realistically, you don't have many options. In theory, the police can get a warrant based on the report and pull the footage, use it to try to identify the people involved in the fight, pursue criminal charges, and recommend restitution for your medical bills as part of their sentence. In practice, if they've already concluded it's not worth pursuing, you can't do much to force them to change their minds. You can, however, write to your city council or state representative and complain about the police not doing their jobs as you see it. Some councillors and reps take on complaints like this as a service to their constituents, and knowing that there's a problem is the first step to fixing it. Also in theory, you could sue some Does, get a subpoena forcing the bar to turn over the footage, use that to try to track down your assailants yourself, file to amend the suit to name specific defendants, and then serve and sue them normally to recover your medical bills. That will cost you an arm and a leg in lawyer's fees, though - you can't pull this trick in small claims, and if you try to navigate a higher court without an attorney, there's a good chance procedural mistakes will cost you your case or at least set you back to square one. Since you can't afford an attorney, this advice is largely useless to you. The bar has no liability here, and your only recourse - civilly or criminally - is against the group that attacked you. The bouncers don't have an obligation to the patrons to put their own safety in danger. (Heck, they don't even owe their boss that.) The bar itself isn't liable unless staff attacked you, and it doesn't sound like that happened here. One thing that might be worth doing is finding out if your city or county has a victims of crime fund or any other public support to help out with your medical bills, along with the indigent care work you're already doing.