 Im a male victim of a domestic assault. Here is the story: My girlfriend (who had been heavily drinking) and I (only had a few drinks over the night) into an argument before bed. I said some harsh things to her and she hit me in the face. It wasn’t hard enough to hurt but it really angered me. I removed myself from the room and went and layer on the couch. She came in and started pouring water on me from a small thick glass vase. I tried to wrestle it from her hands and it struck her lightly on the head. She thought that it was on purposed and started attacking me. Getting on top of me and hitting me open-handed. I yelled at her to go away and stop hitting me (which our roommate overheard). She wouldn’t so I pushed her back with my leg on her stomach. I went downstairs to avoid her again. She came down to follow me. She is not from my city so I offered her 400 dollars to buy a ticket and leave. She accepted and immediately started packing. I was laying on the couch in my bedroom while she packed and insulted me. She became more aggressive and angered the less I interacted with her until she violently exploded and tried to hit me again. I placed a pillow over my head while she repeatedly beat on it. I removed the pillow and sat up once she started to exhaust herself. She went over to the other side of the room and started smashing our things. Once she made it to the desk it became obvious she wanted to smash my computer monitor. I tried to pick her up from behind (she is 165 and I’m 160) and she still managed to smash my monitor. I left her go off to the side to try to save it. As soon as I let her go, I saw her fall out of the corner of my eye. I immediately rushed to her and noticed she was unconscious for a few seconds. She in no way tried to even stop herself from falling. So I grab my roommate and we rush her to the hospital. She’s very drunk and asking me what I did to her. We get to the hospital and she tells the nurses that I kicked her in the eye. The nurses call the cops. 2 cops show up and interview us separately. I tell them what happened and she told them what she believes happed. But the story has now changed to she woke me up and I punched her in the eye. They inspect my hands and to no ones surprise I have no damage but I have defense wounds all over me from covering myself while she tried to scratch me. They decide to arrest her because she all but confessed to starting the fight. Three days later I receive an EPO that she took out against me. Saying that she fears for her safety and that I am a threat to her. Im not. I just want her out of my life and want her to go. Im not going to proteins to be some sort of white knight here. I’ve said some awful things and have accidentally hurt her on multiple occasions (which she later claimed that she knew what she was doing and wanted it to happen to make me feel like a “piece of shit”) she might have a video of me from months ago telling her that I wish she’d die in a plane crash. But that’s because she started recording after telling me she hoped Id die in a car crash. In the past she has been know to threaten me or start verbally abusing me then record when I respond. But back to the main story. Her court date is next week and the epo court date is 6 days afterwards. Do I have anything to be worried about? I do have an attorney who says everything should be fine. But I just want to be as prepared as possible. I don’t want them using my words to try to justify her intentional actions. Listen to your attorney and stop talking to anyone other than them about what happened that night.