 I moved in to a college friends house last July. This college friend owns the house. He never made me sign a lease. The house has a basement, 1st floor, and 2nd floor. I live in the basement. I DO NOT HAVE A LEASE. December 15th of 2018, my friend/landlord threw a college party. I did not invite a single person, I was playing video games in the basement as the massive party raged on the 1st floor. The party was so large the main floor started to collapse. The sheetrock started to fall off the ceiling. I counted at least 5 or 6 of the main structural joists broken/snapped. The police came due to a noise complaint. Nobody was charged. I was not allowed to sleep there due to safety reasons. The next day we jacked up the floor/ceiling ourselves, as there was a pool table above it and we were afraid the whole main floor would come down. The landlord took all the blame, as he had invited everyone. After we jacked it up the landlord told me it was safe to stay there throughout the repair process. I didn't want to take his word for it, so I spent the duration of the repair sleeping at my girlfriends. The landlord still wanted me to pay rent for January even though I wasn't staying there. I did as I felt it wasn't worth fighting about. I was also told by the landlord not to mention the floor collapsing to anyone as he wasn't going to pay for a building inspection and didn't want to have to move the other three guys out of the house. Repairs finished around January 25th, and to my knowledge, no house or building inspectors ever came to make sure the house was safe to live in. Being in college and having nowhere else to stay I decided to stay there again once the repairs were finished. Today, February 1st the landlord informed me that he was raising rent effective immediately. I assumed to pay for the massive repair bill. Since I do not have a lease he thought he could set rent to whatever he wanted whenever he wanted. I looked it up and saw he had to give 45 days notice of a rent increase, or 30 days eviction notice. He did not have to have a reason for either. I asked for a written notice of an increase in rent and told him he had to give me 45 days notice. He then decided that if I wasn't going to pay the increased rent immediately, then he was going to evict me immediately. He told me to have everything out of the house by Monday and I wasn't going to be getting my security deposit back. I informed him that he has to legally give a 30 days notice of eviction, he backed down and said he would be speaking to a lawyer on Monday. Now this brings me back to the floor collapsing situation. I am extremely upset and am wondering if there is anyway to recoup the rent I paid for half of December and most of January, as the house was never declared safe to live in. I also have picture proof of the collapse. So what should I do now? I know he is completely within his rights to evict me with no reason as I do not have a lease, but I really need to at least get my security deposit back if I am going to be able to afford another place to live. There is also no living space left in this town as it's a college town and the semester just started. It's also winter in Maine and the temperature regularly drops into the negatives. What he said ! "Please provide me with a written itemized list of all items/services purchased with my security deposit funds, as well as the precise damages caused by me that necessitated those purchases. While you come up with that list, I will also compile a list of the names and numbers of the building inspectors in this municipality that can issue you a certificate of occupancy for this home after the recently completed major structural repairs. That way you can continue to legally live here and collect rent for the other rooms."