  Texas Incident I just gotten done shopping after work, left the parking lot and drove down passed one light (Green) and I am driving down country dark road. This is a construction spot so the left lane will be ending after the next two lights. As I am approaching the end I see someone in all black run to the vehicle sitting on the lane. No lights, no flasher. Nothing. I get to the red light, I had the chance to stretch, unwind my hair from the clip (Trust me this matters) all and all takes two minutes. I see sudden lights flash behind me and the mic come on" Pull over". " You failed to slow down for an emergench vehicle " My So who happens to be an ex policeman tells me to drop it and just take drivers course, its one day no ticket fee just clean out. Which is the smart thing to do but I feel I this is injustice. There no clock speed on my ticket, officer unit was sitting on a lane with no form of identification that there was even a vehicle there. No emergencies, no flashers, nothing. This is country dark grey road, 6pm. I mean your endangering others by being a BLACK CAR SITTING ON A LANE. I want to fight it, I understand intelligently I should swallow my pride but I feel like I got screwed. What can I do here? Apologies in advance, I am on mobile and still very upset.  Thank you Yeah I been sitting on it I'm still upset. Im still angry, this a shit ticket. A shit reasoning but makes sense to just take a class vs possibly taking a ticket fee  Two minutes really isn't that long tbh. He could have been checking your plates and/or just following you to see if there was any additional things to ticket you for. If you take it to court it'll be your word vs the cop and you know who the judge will trust more. It sounds like a weird situation and I get wanting to fight it but ultimately it makes more sense to just take the class. http://imgur.com/gallery/z82oZwD Here is the best I can do on my phone   I mean, you can always go to court and try to explain why you think you shouldn't have gotten a ticket. Your story is a little confusing imo, but it doesn't sound like you have much a defense and should probably just take the driving course.