 I live in Arizona and got my car towed today at around 1 am. It was in a private garage and by the time I got there it was gone. I called the company and nobody answered. So I got a ride home and waited for business hours. At around 4 pm we (my friend and I) contacted the place and asked to get my car back. They asked if it was under my name and I said it wasn't, it's under my mom's. They texted me a sketchy email address and asked me to send them a copy of my mom's driver's license, a copy of her saying that she allowed me to take the car out. Theady on the phone mentions it would cost $50 to get it 3rd party verified approval, plus 120 for getting the vehicle towed since they had a deal with the parking garage. The lady texted me very informally and sent me her email. Asked how I was going to pay and that if I was paying with card that she would take the payment and she would text me the receipt. Now, this seems like a scam from the way she is communicating with me over text. A few minutes go by, the manager let's us in. He asks me to look around for the car to which we see and he points out that the windshield wiper is up meaning that it's ready to go off the lot. I say thank you and he gives me his business card. My friend points out the fact that they have phone payments. Now he asks for my drivers license and my registration. I tell him that I had spoken with the woman in regards of me taking the car. He says thank you, we exchange good byes and we drive off the lot. I didn't pay due to my understanding from a news article that Arizona law says that they must release your car and that one should only pay for a towed vehicle if it was towed from a car crash. Because this doesn't apply to me and he is let's me go, him being the manager I don't think much of it. I just go back to my car and drive off since he opened the gate for me and gave me his farewells. Thirty minutes go by and some unknown numbers call me multiple times while I'm driving, of course I don't pick up. Once I arrive at school there's a voice mail saying that I lied to him that I said I paid (which I never said) and that he was going turn this into a stolen vehicle report, that he had the authority and the lawful process to do so. He sent me the following, "pvmgod, I have left you a voicemail, on regards to you telling me you paid the lady on the phone with your card and that you sent her a photo of your driver's license and proof of ownership, and you were telling me the truth , if you do not contact me immediately the legalities involved will be overwhelming for you ". I'm not sure what to do, how should I handle this? He is sounding very threatening and I'm not sure how to proceed since I don't want anything on my record.  The law doesn't say you never have to pay, just that they can't hold your car over non-payment. You still owe the money and he could sue you or otherwise collect pursuant to AZ law.  Thank you! I was seriously worried.  That being said I think he’s bluffing and if it was me I would just block all communication.  Thank you.  This only works if it’s in your name. It’s not. Your mother would have to be the one to make a request based on that law and has to be there to claim it with proof of ownership.  I contacted him and asked him how if he could send me the bill to pay it as well as the documentation for me to reply. He has not sent me it and is just threatening me and saying that he also has my friends license plate and the he isn't playing games. "", news article saying towed cars can't be held for payment. I asked him for the bill through text and he is still not sending the paperwork but just threatening me. another reddit similar to this.  You should pay for the tow. What makes you think you dont owe it?