 One of my clients is refusing to pay an invoice for services... but they are forgetting that I own the website that is SEO optimized for their name and is the first thing that comes up on Google when you search for them. Would there be consequences to turning the website into a shrine about not doing business with them because they don’t pay their bills? Eh, I get that businesses blow up and you run out of cash. I really don’t mind waiting or having to take payment plans because I generally want my clients to succeed.  Damn that site should have come down or been redirected to www.firstname_lastname_isadeadbeat.com four months ago. No, your leverage is a lawsuit and only working with a well drafted contract going forward, and not giving her an exposire to sue you. Watch the "f you, pay me" video with the lawyer talking about the value of contracts for crestives. What you want to do is unprofessional and vindictive, and might feel good, but it could damage you for other clients in the future.  Even with black font on black blackground ?  No late fees, lesson learned. The invoice is now 6 months overdue and they have confirmed that they won’t pay. I was letting it ride out because there was also a commission potential involved but they didn’t end up closing any of their deals. How overdue is the invoice? If under 30 days I would be patient, as some companies accounts payable departments are just slow. Also is the client refusing to pay because they don't like the look/feel of the site, or have you just been ghosted? Oh and your contract specifies that unpaid invoices do get assessed with interest charges or late fees, right?  Well that’s my leverage, that you can google her name and find whatever I want to say.  #1 spot on google for their name And? They're not paying for it, so it's their loss if that happens.  I can do something like that - like a pop up that can’t be closed that says something about delinquent accounts. I can’t make the page blank or I’ll lose my #1 spot on google for their name. I don't think you should "Call them out" but a simple blank page with something along the lines of "This account has been suspended" is perfectly ok. I have seen that many times. That might get them on the ball. Worse case they sue you. Their case is weak. Most likely scenario they just bitch you out and threaten to sue but don't actually do anything. 