 So, I am having a rather messy parting from my job because my boss was upset about me being right that she was required by law to pay out my PTO. In a bit of unfortunate timing, an old colleague posted a not glowing, but professional Glassdoor review. My ex-boss sent me an email with several things she wanted to get off her chest, including saying that I may have thoughts the Glassdoor review I left 'anonymously' yesterday may be able to disparage the company and/or senior management and to please know that is against my termination letter. Several things to unpack here: 1. Again, I did not post this review. 2. I haven't signed the termination agreement yet 3. Can she legally say I can't post a review? 4. Lastly, knowing she has things like this in the termination agreement, am i legally bound to sign one? TLDR: Boss says a Glassdoor review is against the termination agreement She can’t require it to give you the PTO, because legally she has to pay it to you. Legally you do not have to sign the term paperwork. You can straight up tell her you’re legally owed the PTO on your final check, and if it isn’t paid you’re filing a complaint with the Illinois Dept of Labor, putting her company at risk for something extremely black and white that they will not side with her on. Regardless of whether term paperwork has been signed. Here’s a link to the statue stating it, also pasted the info below. How soon after I quit/fired do I have to be paid? All final compensation, including bonus payments, vacation pay, wages and commissions must be paid on your next regularly scheduled payday. 820 ILCS 115/5. You can get HR involved and explain the situation to ensure you’re paid correctly. They’ll probably tell you to just sign the term form. Or lastly, you can just sign the term form and be done with it, if you are tired of dealing with it. You have no legal obligation to do so, but sometimes the fight just isn’t worth it. So the only thing is she wants me to sign the termination agreement before she will give me my PTO payout. Since PTO payout is a requirement in Illinois I’m not sure what to think of this.  . I haven't signed the termination agreement yet ...see below. . Can she legally say I can't post a review? Sure! She can also legally tell you that you should jump off a bridge. Her saying something doesn't obligate you in any way. Nope. You are not obligated to sign it. In fact, you shouldn't sign any such agreement unless there is some advantage in it for you... perhaps a severance payment or something. Technically a signed paper isn't binding unless each party received something of value, but there is no reason to sign and make it an issue unless doing so is to your advantage. No, you are not required to sign any termination paperwork unless it’s a condition of receiving severance. Even if you did sign it, they can’t forbid you from posting about your experience on an anonymous website. They would never be able to prove that it’s you. 