 Here is the story... My car was parked on the street in front of my house. The neighbor across the street backed up his car from his driveway, but because of his health issue (he's old and had sort of seizure that time) he unintentionally stomped his gas pedal and pretty much damaged my car very badly. He admitted fault and paid for the towing to the body shop. When I called my insurance, I was told that they don't cover it because my policy only has minimum liability and comprehensive coverages. So they were telling me to contact the other party insurance instead. I immediately filed the accident to both my insurance AND his insurance. Unfortunately, (and this is what my neighbor has confessed to me) it turns out that his insurance is not active at that time, because he just got back his car from a service that took about a month and he decided to stop his insurance because he didn't want to pay insurance for that one month he was unable to use his car. The body shop is unable to start doing their work before knowing who's going to pay for the costs. But after hearing our situation, and by seeing the damage, instead of starting to tear down the vehicle and getting the exact cost like what they usually do when working with insurances, they seemed to suggest me to just forget about repairing it and sell it as is to a salvage yard and then ask for my neighbor to pay me for the difference (its worth value before the accident - what I get from the salvage). They're assisting me to find the salvage yard and how much I can get for me. The guy is very cooperative, and willing to do anything to make it right and pay me. The thing is, this guy pretty much lives from paycheck to paycheck and has a bad credit. We even have gone to a few lenders asking for a personal loan to pay me and it's either denied, or can only give him a small amount which even requires a cosigner or collateral which he doesn't have either. His car only has minor damage to the trunk and still drivable, so we temporarily share the car to do our own things and such for now. He's still making payments on that car for another few years. My car had been fully paid off with a clean title. What should I do at this point to get my money? I've heard the phrase "you can't get blood from a stone", but is that it? Am I totally f\\\ed up? He's also saying that if I want to sue him, then go ahead. But as far as I know, suing not only costs me but also will not give my money right away. It may even result in him requiring a longer time to pay me back. Any suggestions is very much welcomed. If you need more details, please let me know. Or if you know any lender in San Diego that is willing to work with someone like him, please let me know as well. Because at this point what I can think of is that the only solution is to keep looking for a lender (and I don't care how high the interest is because that's his problem later on with the lender). Thank you for your time! Make an appointment to meet with the Small Claims Advisor in your county. Every small claims court in California has one. You have a $20K+ car and only state minimum insurance coverage? oof. Afaik small claims court have a limit of $10k. I’m looking at $20k+ here in my case. It's still worth going in small claims court. it's inexpensive to file and you don't need a lawyer. just because he doesn't have the means to pay now doesn't mean he won't in the future. you can continue to renew the judgement in perpetuity until it's satisfied, with interest. Do you have any suggestion on how to move forward other than what I’ve thought of? And UMPD in CA only covers $3500 max. You can win a judgment against someone, but actually collecting the judgment is an entirely different matter. Also, this is why you get uninsured motorist coverage.  Isn’t suing will only give a result that “yes, this guy owes me this amount of money and he needs to pay me” but doesn’t necessarily get me the money right away? I thought suing is pointless anyway because the problem is it’s not that he’s not willing to pay me but he’s unable to. So neither of you had insurance to cover your car. I would chalk it up and learn from it. If ya care about said car have full coverage because so many drive with no insurance or they hit and run. Sorry for your unfortunate situation. But it sounds like taking him to court is a waste and would give you a lot to think about in the back of your mind.  You can't get blood from a stone is correct. If no one has insurance your option is to either get the money from him directly, pay for it yourself or sue him.