 I just paid my February rent, landlord said starting April they are expecting $75 more per month, over three times more than the legal rent raise limit. He said if I dont comply he will evict me. What are my rights? I know that saying they are looking to provide my space to a family member holds up but that is not the case. What are my options? Cant call tennancy act until Monday. Your word is evidence. Your notes are something you can use to refresh your memory during a hearing. An audio recording may or may not be allowed to be used. You can also try to conduct all further communication with your landlord via text or email. Then you have it in writing. I will do that, didn't know that can be used as evidence. I should have turned on my phone mic before speaking with him, something I will do in the future. Nope, and save all evidence of his threatening you and and the stuff he is saying (if he's doing it verbally, write down your recollection of the conversation with the date and time afterwards). This is literally evidence you can use against him at the RTB. He cannot. Unless he is planning on using it for personal use or planning on renovating it he cannot just evict you unless your an awful tenant (aka late rent, cops frequently bejng called etc.) Thank you. His words were literally "you should be thankful that I let you live here". Bit of a backstory, the current owner bought the house and took possession last April. When they moved in they did not do a walk around with me, nor did they sign a new rental agreement. We negotiated about a rent increase then and agreed to what I'm currently paying now as they were to offer me their wifi password. I pay for my own electricity and park on the street. The only agreement I have ever signed was with the original owner for almost $200 less per month in 2014. I feel that legally I have the high ground but want to be sure he cant evict me just because he wants more money. Words are cheap. Free, even. Remind them that there is a limit on rent increases and that the requested increase is more than is allowed. The actual constraints are set out [here](http://www.bclaws.ca/civix/document/id/complete/statreg/02078_01#part3). If they try to evict you, file with the Residential Tenancies Branch. There's no way they can legally evict you before Monday - if they enter your unit to remove you, lock you out, cut your power, or otherwise interfere with your tenancy to force you to leave, they are breaking the law. If necessary, call the cops. Telling you that they'll move family in if you don't agree to an illegal increase is a blatant attempt to evict in bad faith. Again, the Branch is your primary resource for this.