 I went to my local grocery store and pulled out a small cart to my right, and dropped an empty shopping bag into it. In so doing, that rearranged a row of carts in front of me. I grabbed another cart to put it back. I turned my head and realized the first empty shopping cart was rolling down a small hill. I ran after it, and wasn't successful in stopping it from striking a car. The owner of the car jumped out and insisted I give her my car insurance, and spent a long time making sure she could read what I had written. It occurred to me, ten minutes later, that, save for my empty bag in the little cart, I could have simply walked away. I reported the incident to the store, called my car insurance (of course they don't cover it), and now I'm not sure what to do. I'm not sure what to expect. I would have been fine with writing a check for a few hundred dollars just to make the person go away. I don't have her contact information--she was insistent on just getting mine. I'm also I'm not sure I'm liable for being unable to grab a runaway cart.  It’s a small store. If you don’t shuffle carts around, they tend to slide down the hill. The normal process would be pulling one cart two feet, and then resettling two others. I hadn’t walked away from the cart corral. It’s not misleading to say I hadn’t moved the rolling cart more than two feet. The carts are, inexplicably, at the top of a hill. That’s where I was standing the whole time. You said you pulled it out. "Touched it" is a misrepresentation of your role here and it sounds like it was sitting next to you on a hill because you put it there  I couldn't get her to do anything other than write down my name and insurance. She was pretty insistent.  I'd write her a small check if I knew who she was. It's in your care and custody if you've touched it? We're talking about something sitting next to me that started rolling because the store is on a hill.  You could be liable. Did you take a photo of the area that was struck by the cart? That would help if they make an inflated damages claim. But there’s nothing for you to do now but wait and see if you get contacted for compensation.  She's in for a surprise when your car insurance refuses to cover this. You weren't driving at the time. You might be liable. You had care and control over the cart at the time, and this is pretty clear-cut simple (not gross) negligence. However, she's going to have to come after you herself in small claims, or file through her own insurance (who may or may not do the same), to get anywhere. Whether you voluntarily pay for this or not is up to you and your conscience. You'd be equally within your rights to wait and see if she sues you.