 Divorce is imminent, but before I talk to a lawyer I kind of want to know what to expect. To sum up the last year, I learned that my husband has spent a lot of money on in app purchases for a video game. He drained our savings, over drew our bank account, and maxed out his credit card. He then took out a substantial loan using my vehicle as collateral (in both of our names, I’m pretty sure, but I primarily use it), paid off his credit card then maxed it out again within a week from in app purchases to the tune of $6,000+. The final numbers aren’t clear because he is pretty good at hiding things, but it is at least $20,000 over the last year. Probably more. Side note, through this game he has a virtual girlfriend, for lack of a better phrase. He has sent her gifts and spent money on her through the game. He has never met her in person, as far as I can tell. I’m in Oklahoma, but different people I have asked have given me different answers about my liability. The question here is... Am I responsible for his credit card debt and the loan he acquired by using my vehicle as collateral since we are married? Is this considered marital debt or will he be responsible for all of that since it did not benefit me or our children whatsoever?  Your post has been removed for the following reason(s): Generally Unhelpful or Off-Topic Your comment has been removed as it is generally unhelpful or off-topic. It either does not answer the legal question at hand or it is a repeat of an answer already provided Please review the following rules before commenting further: [Commenting Rules 1](), [2](), [3](), [4](), [6](), [8](), and [9](). Please [read our subreddit rules](). If after doing so, you believe this was in error, or you’ve edited your post to comply with the rules, [message the moderators](=%2Fr%2FLegalAdvice). Do not reach out to a moderator personally, and do not reply to this message as a comment. Candy crush Maybe if a did does it by accident (or because it's a kid), but a grown man who's taken out loans and shit to do this? Why do the responses get deleted? This depends on OP's jurisdiction which was not provided. In my state it does not necessarily matter whose name it is in, it'd all be marital debt It's been done before. Is it possible for you to tell us the name of the game? 20k on one is a lot. Must be very good  F Thank you u/FBI_Open_Up_Now Can't she claim that he has a mental illness and that he couldn't control himself with those purchases? Because, in all honesty, he does look like he have a mental illness  Can't she claim that he has a mental illness and that he couldn't control himself with those purchases? Because, in all honesty, he does look like he have a mental illness  Jesus 20k on some 2d Web browser game? Could've been at least csgo cases or space sims If the lien is on a vehicle that is wholly or partially in your name. then it strikes me he might have forged your signature to get that lien. That might, in fact, get you out of that debt, and him in criminal trouble.  The keyword here is probably "marital waste" for exactly that reason.  Yes, you are. All debts and assetts are owned jointly 50-50 by a married couple. That you didn't know doesn't matter. In your marriage, it's your job to know. It sucks, but it's true. Even with regard to criminal activity, that you didn't know doesn't mean all of your possessions can't be seized. That you didn't know or were just following orders doesn't work for debt relief. Your post has been removed for the following reason(s): Generally Unhelpful or Off-Topic Your comment has been removed as it is generally unhelpful or off-topic. It either does not answer the legal question at hand or it is a repeat of an answer already provided Please review the following rules before commenting further: [Commenting Rules 1](), [2](), [3](), [4](), [6](), [8](), and [9](). Difficult to Read Your comment has been removed as it is difficult to read. It is either far too long, incoherent, or it has been improperly formatted for use on Reddit. Please review the following rules and edit your post to be more concise and readable. This includes the proper use of Reddit markup tags, paragraphs and sentences, as well as proper spelling and coherent thoughts. Please review the following rules before participating further: [Posting Rule 4]() Please [read our subreddit rules](). If after doing so, you believe this was in error, or you’ve edited your post to comply with the rules, [message the moderators](=%2Fr%2FLegalAdvice). Do not reach out to a moderator personally, and do not reply to this message as a comment. Hello Entropy  What game is he playing? God damn! That sounds like every shitty iPhone game of 2016 (and there so many of them). Without ever seeing this game, I’m guessing it’s likely their entire marketing is something like a technically not-undressed Kate Upton, screenshots from Age of Empires 1, and a speech bubble that says “Click to be my hero... today!” I don’t know how people get hooked on those games but they clearly do.  It’s definitely possible. He has spent over $1000 in a single day multiple times.  It’s worth spending a good amount of time with the game’s support staff for this amount of cash.  There is just no plausible way. The game has been out for about 1.5 years now. Even if you bought every cosmetic item they have released, you would have spent MAYBE \~$5000. Last I checked, the number was about $3000 about 4 months ago. There is no gifting feature either so once you have bought everything, there is nothing left. $20,000 is an exorbitant amount of money for a game... Smh 😞 gamers truly are the most oppressed minority.  I think once they figure out that the person who made the purchases is a fully functional (hah!) adult then they won't be particularly inclined to do anything.  fornite is just the most popular one right now. It's more likely that OP's husband bought stuff in like, candy crush or clash of clans. Somewhere where you can easily dump money in to accelerate your progress.  R/vooosh Zgirls  The game is Zgirls. As far as I can tell since I have never played it or anything like it, you form an army with other players then attack the opposing armies. You can make in app purchase for amounts between $.99 to $99.99. I think they are used to make your army stronger or reduce wait times before you can get power ups or something similar. It is not a casino game so there is literally no possible benefit from the purchases outside of the game. But the most you can get is $100 at a time. That's would mean OP's husband bought that package every 2 days for a year. As I don't play fortnight, is it possible to spend that much? =pivot:overviewtab  V bucks Well if it was for example a Steam game like TF2 with expensive items you could sell the account. I don't know Z girls but it looks like a mobile game. Not sure if you can sell an account like that, but I doubt it. [OP, here is guidance from the FTC on how to freeze your credit.]()  It does matter. The game is perverted and borderline pedophiliac. I would not trust a man who unhealthily spends that amount of money on this game around children. Here's the app logo: =tbn:ANd9GcT_BGo9Sh0RqQR12IOpGkYCAvQERJ0jjvcOJJnZSKGT-HsF2Hk For those of us not familiar with this, what video game can one spend $20,000 on? Was this a casino website? What does one buy?  what game is it  Yes Freeze your credit so he cannot open cards with your info in the future. I'm not sure the process but it's been posted around here before.  IANAL check your credit history and freeze it ASAP. He sounds crazy enough to open a credit card in your name and he almost assuredly has access to the info to do so. I can't believe nobody has said this yet.  What's the game called ? This could be problematic since most jurisdictions do not count virtual property as real world assets. Basically the money is destroyed and he has no countable benefit either. Sometimes you can cancel charges to a game and get your money back. Games have this in feature just in case a kid steals their parent’s credit card or something. Since you’re on the accounts, contact support and get your money back. You can maybe even have them put parental controls on the account to block future purchases. On a side note, your husband needs to talk to somebody. This is an addictive mental issue that should not go unchecked. IANAL. That only works with children. I doubt they will have much sympathy for a grown man doing it. Is it still “joint debt” if the credit cards are in separate names/accounts? Say OP has a visa credit card with only their name, and OP’s ex has a MasterCard credit card in only their name. Is it still “joint”? If only I could be that charming.  Yeah I'm sure Apple will reverse $20K worth of in-app purchases just because someone asks them nice. This is a grown ass man. He dug that hole, and no it's his to own. It's not a 9 yo with no concept of money. I agree that he needs help for the addiction. Initially that was one of the conditions I gave him to try to salvage our marriage. He refused. Yes, it’s definitely not fraud.  Yes. My credit is excellent with no new accounts, thank goodness.  Not over this timescale. Divorce If it’s a iPhone game talk to apple support. They are generally pretty good with reversing the transactions. I’ve heard it’s been done when kids get a hold of a credit card and goes crazy I think it's past that point - it sounds like the husband is having an emotional affair in-game and is wasting all this money wooing the online girlfriend. He may or may not have an actual gaming addiction, it's hard to tell. He could also be getting catfished or scammed. Whichever it is, OP should get out now and not try to salvage the relationship when it would be futile. what game is he spending it on? i would talk to a doctor about getting help for his addiction dannng, i thought maybe he spent all that on like a game collection or at least something to show for it. i dont get how anyone can spend money, let alone that much on a freemium mobile game. just spend a few hundred and get a console with a few decent games that dont repeatedly charge you to play it. If the developer is reputable you can sometimes get a partial refund. At a glance these guys don't look great though. Star Ring Unit 806, 8/F, Tower II, Cheung Sha Wan Plaza, 833 Cheung Sha Wan Road, Kowloon, Hong Kong You've confirmed that he did indeed spend the money and it's not fraud?  What game it was really doesn't matter as anyone who is addicted to games with in-app purchases are drawn to the temptation to spend money on it. You can suppress the urge to spend money on the game, tho. Hav should checked your credit to make sure he didn’t open cards in your name?  Z girls. But I can’t imagine why it matters. If it does, please let me know. In all seriousness.  That's not why I asked. It doesn’t really matter. No video game is worth ruining your finances and destroying your family. Joint CC debt is just that - joint. Insist that community assets (like the house) get sold and his share of the equity get used to pay off his debts on your joint accounts as part of the settlement, and then those accounts need to be closed. Same with the car, the title loan should get paid off and then either he buys you out of your share, or you buy him out of his share of the car. That's a real risk. Your attorney will likely advise you to look to give him the vehicle in the divorce in return for a vehicle-sized share of the more liquid assets, if possible, so that you aren't saddled with a vehicle that's subject to a lien your husband can't afford to clear. Thank you for responding. To be clear, we have two credit cards. One is in his name, one is in my name. (He may have opened others in his name that I’m not aware of). Our joint assets are vehicles and mortgage. I am concerned about losing my vehicle if he doesn’t pay the lien against it.  What games does be play? "It depends." However, given the extravagance of this expense and the fact that he - and only he, ever and forever - will benefit from it, you've got a good chance at having the division of assets adjusted to compensate. What you don't have, unfortunately, is a way out of joint credit cards. The lender generally isn't party to your divorce. He may be ordered to pay the majority of that debt, but if your name's on the contract and he doesn't, the lender will likely try to recover you as well.