 We live in the state nevada. Yea i fucked up here but is there any thing i could do. I dont want any involvement and shes fine with that. She said that she wouldnt force child support but wante me to sign the birth certificate and sign my rights away but id still be liable for child support. Ehat can i do? Your post has been removed for the following reason(s): Generally Unhelpful or Off-Topic Your comment has been removed as it is generally unhelpful or off-topic. It either does not answer the legal question at hand or it is a repeat of an answer already provided Please review the following rules before commenting further: [Commenting Rules 1](), [2](), [3](), [4](), [6](), [8](), and [9](). Please [read our subreddit rules](). If after doing so, you believe this was in error, or you’ve edited your post to comply with the rules, [message the moderators](=%2Fr%2FLegalAdvice). Do not reach out to a moderator personally, and do not reply to this message as a comment. You can sue for anything. You won't win. Child support agencies are typically the local family court. They hear the case, weigh the facts, crunch some numbers, and assign support liability. If you think you're gonna get a judge on fraud for doing their job...yeah, no. There's a huge amount of legal precedence here because you are far from the first person to not want to pay child support. I get why you think this is unfair, but try and have some perspective here. The situation is inherently different for the man, the woman, and the child involved. The law prioritizes her bodily autonomy (ie, the decision to keep the baby) over your desire to not have to pay money. It also prioritizes the well being of the child over your finances. Would it be fair if the law incentivized things such that your unwillingness to support the child would essentially coerce her into ending a pregnancy she would otherwise want? At the end of the day, your money is not as important as the actual lives of other people.  Im not dictating what she does to her body. She can have the kid i just dont want financial responsibilities. And you say oh well shouldve used a condom like that solves anything in the community with fatherless parents. Its not about the money and it shouldnt be, it should be about the responsibility. If she wants the kid then full responsibility to provide for that child should be put solely on her because its her responsibility to make up for the absence of a father which she is voluntarily deciding for him. And i shouldnt be allowed to intervene and shouldnt ever be shaken down by child support agencies to pay for that child that i couldve avoided It does make sense. You’re responsible for your actions. If you don’t want kids the easiest way to get out of it is using protection. You don’t get to dictate what someone else does to their body.  Well then cant i sue the child support agency for deprivation of rights? Because why can women get abortion after pregnancy if they choose the wrong man and everyone acts like nothing happened but if a man gets the wrong women pregnant the mens only option is to have a broken family or pay for the childs survival which he prominently did not want. Doesnt make sense Because she can’t revoke your financial responsibilities to another person anymore than I can. That child is legally entitled to financial support from every living parent or guardian it has.  Unless someone adopts the kid, you will be paying child support. Just to be clear child support is for your kid not for the mother (if it makes you feel better). How would you feel of the law didn't make parents obligated to pay for your children, and when you were born, you lived on the street and ate garbage because your parents wanted nothing to do with you? I thought from the post that your condom failed, but from comments you just didn't use it at all. What did you fucking expect? Owell, you will be learning a hard lesson all the way until March 2037  I didnt say she had to get an abortion. She can but i just dont want to be financially responsible for it. If she agrees to relieve me of my parental rights why cant i be financially relieved and the responsibility be put on her? So can a child support agency be sued for fraud? Her parent can't take your "financial spot". The mother can decide to not go after child support (though she should), or if another person adopts the child then that'll let you off.  Or the government could do something completely absurd like making the people responsible for creating the child accountable for its expenses. If you think it’s ok to force a woman to have an abortion for a kid you created then women should be able to have men undergo unnecessary surgery to prevent kids. How would you like it if the government passed a law allowing women to have you castrated before sex?  She wouldnt need government assistance though if she knows and she accepts that shes doing it alone. At that point yes tax payers should have to pay to support the child, you think that a man that doesnt want a child would? Thats the exact situation he was trying to avoid. If the law wants to protect the mother from aborting because of a mans decision, then At that point the mother is the one that needs assistance so the government should intervene and that sum should be on the mother to repay the money that the government had to borrow It does. The father always ends up paying child support. Any legal action you attempt to take is guaranteed to fail because if you don’t want to pay for your own kid why the hell would taxpayers want to pay for it?  So if the law cant help shes willing to avoid that. So then what would be the best course for this? We should just mutually not have me sign the birth certificate? I mean if she acts like she doesnt know me and doesnt apply for child support ill have to live with the thought that she can change her mind at any time and fuck me hard but at the same time she has the same fear that ill apply for parent rights down the line and that fucks her. so she wants to protect herself from me and thats why she wants me to sign my rights away but i know she can do that AND force child support so i dont want to do that. So to protect myself from any child support shes willing to sign away child support. But how often to judges allow this considering they see child support an obligation of two people. Would they let her parent take my financial spot? You made your bed, now you have to lie in it. There's nothing the legal system can help with. Your child, your child support. Ok mistakes do happen. But im trying to avoid this mistake and i would if i could. Thats why im saying women can have abortions after pregnancy, they still have options after their mistakes. But if a man gets a women pregnant, his only options after the mistake will be a broken family or child support. Im just asking if legally there are options for our situation to be done with what we want. She apparently doesnt want to put child support on me but might and she doesnt want me involved with the babies life. I dont want child support and i dont want to be involved. So would it be that simple to settle this or what type of complications will i run into and how can i face them? Your dumbass not using protection is promoting broken families. If you don't want kids don't cum inside random women. Pretty simple. This is 100% on you and you alone. So if a man got a women pregnant and she didnt want it but he did and he forced her to have it and she knows prior to having it that she isnt going to be part of it, youre telling me that she should then be forced to be unhappy with them or pay for the child that she didnt have a choice in because of her partner? Doesnt sound right to me. Matter fact sounds like man should be compensating women for the mental distrubances of forcing someone into parenthood. You guys are promoting broken families Yes. That's the penalty you pay for being an unprepared idiot. I'm not a lawyer and can't cite a specific body of case law. That said, I have looked into it as well and been told that the matter is settled. Fair or not, you will not be able to escape the responsibility of that child, even if the birth mother agrees. If, at any point, the state gets involved in her life and the life of the child, the state will enforce the law and you will be affected.  Does the law have any cases such as these? How do they usually handle them? And yes i want to start a movement and want the law changed how should i go about this So its ok for a girl to get pregnant and then say “whoops my mistake” and pay a few hundred to avoid a child. But a man gets a girl pregnant and hes forced into an unhappy relationship or 18 years of deductions on paychecks?  Your question was about the law. The law says that you cannot simply walk away from the financial obligation of parenthood because you don't want it. You're free to lobby your politicians to attempt to change the law.  This is the dumbest thing I’ve read. Start wearing condoms with your next girlfriend.  [removed] And here you are repeating the cycle of truama. You hVe the ability to stop that. Look up parenting classes in your area  I guess we just dont think the same then. Because the root of the issue is that women are having fatherless kids like its normal where im from. If you had a good biological dad you just cant relate to me and you shouldnt. But for a situation as bad as mine people would rather justify the women and support her and a child thats at risk of mental problems than to be patient and have children when they know they can provide the best and two proficient adults. Isnt is selfish to raise a kid you cant provide for without support? And your answer is “oh well, pay for your mistakes” like there arent any other serious consequences of communities without fathers.  I cant really see how people perceive it this way. Yes its up to both parties to be responsible and create a kid but thats where responsibility is proven. im 24 shes 20, ive been going through a lot of mental problems and shes known that and i used her as a crutch to try to help me through it but it only made it worse after she got pregnant. Shes known ive never wanted kids and i thought we agreed that no matter what we wouldnt have any. So we have unprotected sex bc i mistakenly trust that shed terminate any pregnancy if it occurred. We break up and then a week later turns out shes pregnant and wants to keep it. Well fuck me right? I know im not parent material so im trying hit the abort button but for me it doesnt exist. So why should i pay for thise mistakes when shes happily and proudly having a kid that will grow up wothout a biological father. I grew up without mine and it mentally affected me which is why i still am the way i am. Which is why i cant be a parent. She doesnt understand what that kid will go through like i do. But she does understand that i wont be present. So why have a kid that you know will grow up without a dad? Why not wait for the perfect household situation and the right man? Bc im certainly not it and she hold no guilt. So like i said if she wants to keep the kid then ok i cant take that away from her but i dont want to be involved at all.  Yes.  Yup. The problem with any other way, the woman has all the responsibility while the man has none at all. How is that fair? I see why shes ok with you not being there. Supposed to teach kids to be honerable and shit. Lol So its ok to have an abortion after the fact for women but men are forced of 18 years child support? Well no, abortion happens after the fact. Prevention prevents it in the first place. Dude you didnt get trapped. You got laid. That has consequences as its intended, you know, to make children. Was just as much your fault for not rubbering up. No she won't sign a legal document saying she will never come after you, doubt that would even hold up as the state likes to get involved. Not sure how a 20 yr old parents can be responsible, noone is gonna let ya off the hook. Who knows what happens in the next 18 years. Have you considered it isnt the worst thing in the world? You have a kid. Thats magic. You could even leave the option open cause it may want to see you ya know... I'd say the least you are a sick the better you will get treated in this Ok but abortion is still prevention. Cant abort here obviously  Or a vasectomy. I did make mistakes and i own up to them completely. But women have the choice to get an abortion and men dont. If a women does get pregnant and she doesnt want it she cant abort and move on. So if women get this choice why dont men? Shes keeping the baby and i know i dont want any involvement way ahead of the baby being born but i cant force her to abort and i wouldnt want to if its her choice to keep it. But why should i be financially ruined for mistakes that i can avoid if it were my choice. Is there really no protection for the men here? But legally will they accept someone such as her parents? Those are the only people who i can think will do that for her No way getting out of child support unless she actually agrees to it. Did you use a condom? Or pull out at least? Yes, except: 1) You actually have to, you know, raise the child and be a responsible parent during your 50 percent of the time, and 2) it often costs more to care for a child even during 50 percent of the time than it does to pay for child support with 0 percent of the time. It should also be mentioned that the less involvement you have, the more you pay! A dad who has 50/50 custody pays less than a day who has 0 custody.  Congratulations ! You are going to be a father. You can only sign your rights away to another person willing to take them on. You have no options here if she wants to keep this baby. Assuming you are the father, you are equally responsible for paying for the child.   Hey, guess what? It's IMPOSSIBLE to trap a man into having a kid because, and this is about to shock you, MEN HAVE THEIR OWN WAYS OF PREVENTING PREGNANCY! If you CHOOSE to put the entire burden of pregnancy prevention on your partner, that's a risk and a choice. And if it doesn't work out for you, then it's not a trap...it's the result of your own poor choices. Don't ever want kids? Get snipped. Then you'll never have this problem again! Only adoption where another person voluntarily assumes that financial duty. Otherwise, it is very clearly established that a child is due the support of BOTH parties who participated in said child's creation should it be necessary, and there is no way to decline or waive that obligation to the child you created.  Don't sign anything until you get a DNA test proving that the baby is actually yours. You will be liable for child support unless the child is adopted by someone else. If she ever files for any state support, child support will be ordered and you may be made to pay back support if you never paid up until that point. The responsible and smart thing to do is get an attorney to arrange a parenting agreement that involves a standard monthly payment that you can document you have been paying should the state at some point order support too.  Yup. You fucked up. Yes a court could still order child support whether or not you've signed the birth certificate. And if she ever goes on many types of public assistance the State can come after you.  If you and your coparent agree, you can place your kid up for adoption. You don't have an obligation to be in your child's life, but there's no way for you to sign a piece of paper that pushes your obligations onto the mother or onto the public. Even if the mother opts not to pursue child support, if she ever uses certain social services to benefit your kid, they'll want to know who the father is so that they can pursue it.