 I work for a third party vender for a large corporation. I am a Social Media Manager where I moderate Twitter, Facebook and forums and have a few employees under me. Earlier this week I was informed by one of my employees that someone posted on our forums, links to show how easy it is to find Child Pornography. This forum is not part of my subcategory I manage but it is part of my larger category. I see in the summary where the post has already been reported by a user but is still visible (I do not receive any user notifications for any post). I go and open the forum post expecting to see a bunch of links in which I do; however, I also see a picture of about 8 naked boys between the ages of 6-10. I cover what I could of my screen and immediately remove the post. After removing the post I report the user for abuse and harassment which is the first choice and I note where it is child pornography. After reporting the post I am definitely not in a good head space so I go and take my lunch. After lunch I speak with someone from corporate who asks me to e-mail them and another person about the incident as they are not involved in forums. I put in the email of what I was exposed to, how I am upset that someone had not already deleted the post since it was reported by a user and I had to be the one to delete the post. I explained the steps I took and how to find the post. After this I am obviously still upset and I ask to go home, I get paid hourly so I am loosing money. Today I receive an email where corporate states myself and my whole team need training on how to handle these incidents. I also see a thread email from the entire forum manager where they are blaming me for the reason the post was not deleted early. The are using my full name several times stating how I delayed the report process by 5 hours because I selected Abuse and Harassment and not child pornography which is an option I have to scroll down for and is not visible when you first click report abuse for the user. I do admit that I selected this but this was after I deleted the post and saw child porn for the first time so I was really upset and I picked the 1st option. Plus I am not the user who originally reported the post so I am unsure on what category they selected to report however I do know regular users do not have the option to select child porn unlike the moderators. I don't know why this is now being pointed back at me since I was not the first person to report this. The post was reported I saw it, I only reported the user after I deleted this post. This post also contained the words "Child Porn" several times and was not automatically flagged. No corrective action has been taken against me as of yet but I am just curious if there are any routes I am able to take. Since I am part of the third party vendor I feel I am being thrown under the bus by a corporate employee who does not want to take responsibility for the flaws in the system they manager. I am also a few months pregnant and plan to leave before I have the baby so I really don't feel I have anything to lose. I hope my post was clear and if it is not I would have no problem clarifying. I am very bothered by the fact that I lost money going home early, was exposed to child porn and instead of any type of helpful response I am being thrown under the bus by a corporate employee. What can I do? This isn't a legal issue. Your employer is allowed to be upset over how it was handled even if you think you did nothing wrong. There's no obvious legal issue here, surprisingly, other than "whose job was it to inform the police." Your boss is allowed to hold you responsible for using what they see as the wrong reporting process, even if your intentions were good and you were shocked by what you had been exposed to, and sending you and your team to training to address that error is a reasonable response by your boss. Social media management work is soul-eating because social media is such a toxic wasteland (_cough_), and I hope you have a good therapist, but nothing sounds obviously out-of-place to me. The only missing piece is that someone probably should have filed a police report as well.