 I have a young Australian shepherd puppy who I think just had a 2800$ surgery that was completely unnecessary. I'm looking for advice on how to proceed. BTW she's okay and asleep on the couch :) Backstory: Thursday 1/31, a hungry squirrel must have found a corn cob in a neighbor's trash and munched on it in our fully fenced in backyard and left it there. Our dog is a devious little hooligan and managed to chew and swallow most of the corn cob before we figured out what was happening and managed to get it away from her. A few days, a few barfs, and several abnormally small doggo loggos later - My girlfriend and I decide we should take her to the vet to make sure she doesn't have a partial obstruction in her digestive track. The vet decides to X-ray our dingo and the X-ray results do show a foreign object in the small intestine. Luckily, our little meat log was exhibiting no symptoms of obstruction other than small doggo pies, so we made the decision to place her on IVs and have her held at the vet so they could monitor her. They x-ray her again the next morning and the radiologist informs our vet that the object is indeed moving and they were happy with the progress. The next day, they X-ray our wigglebutt again after holding her and having her on fluids for the day. They inform us that in fact the object isn't moving and has barely moved at all since the first X-ray. They tell us she needs surgery immediately and I had to step out of meetings to take the phone call with my girlfriend because there was a sense of urgency in making the decision. We obviously opt for surgery, and we elect to have her spayed at the same time. We were originally waiting for one heat cycle due to some UTI issues she has had in the past, but we figure why make our dog go through surgery twice. My girlfriend picks the dingo up from our vet and drives her to directly to the surgeons location and they take over from there. My girlfriend elected not to do an ultrasound because the employee who does them was out and she was worried about intestinal die-off if we delayed surgery too long, plus it was an added cost for something we were led to believe was definitely there and definitely not moving. We wait for several hours at home and around 9:30PM, we get a call from the surgeon. They tell us they thoroughly explored inside her abdomen and determined there was no trace of large foreign objects or corn cob in her entire GI tract. This was surprising to us. Upon picking the dog up, they also told my girlfriend that our dog didn't defecate in their custody before surgery. This upset me because she must have passed it with the vet and they didn't notice or didn't care... If the vet had professional care of my dog, and knew the condition for which she was at the vet, is it reasonable to assume that the vet had an obligation to inspect her fecal matter for objects that may be related to the blockage in the intestines? They obviously didn't do this or didn't tell us and now we are out 2800 for a surgery bill when there was no reason she needed surgery at all (remember, we planned to spay at a later date). If the vet had mentioned to us that she had pooped out the corn cob before hand, we would have asked for another x-ray, saw there was no longer an issue and just went home without any surgery. We plan to go to the surgeons office tomorrow and ask for any records they have on our dog/the surgery and maybe ask for a written statement about her not defecating in their custody before surgery. I'm going to try to get everything in writing that isn't already, but I'm worried about the conflict of interest between the vet and the surgeon center. We plan on voicing our perspective to the vet trying to negotiate some compromise on compensation for us. I wouldn't even want the full 2800 because we did get a spay out of it and I would have paid for another x-ray if they said she pooped it out. I consider every vet bill necessary to monitor and understand the situation, but the surgery was definitely not in this case. What should my course of action be? Am I just out 2800$? Do I actually have something substantial where I may deserve just compensation? Thanks!  Thanks, I understand that not everything is black and white and an explore may be the best option to confirm absolutely. We're going to speak directly to the surgeons soon. We picked up a copy of the surgery report and it says that there was no foreign objects in he entire GI tract and that they went through the length of it twice. We also confirmed that she went directly into surgery prep and there was no chance she expelled it before surgery while in custody of the surgery team. To me it seems there are three options here, the vet/radiologist inaccurately diagnosed her, our dog expelled any object at the vet with relative ease and it wasn't noticed or we weren't notified, or there's something else undiagnosed going on to cause anomalies in the x-ray. At the end of the day with all the money we've spent, neither of those options really satisfy me.  Negative explores unfortunately happen often. You could certainly have the radiographs assessed by another radiologist or veterinarian - but if the rads were suggestive of a foreign body I’m not sure what’s to come. There wasn’t a mistake made - the rads showed an obstruction and no changes on repeats. If nursing staff did not note a defection that could be a different situation - but again the surgeon could have noted that the colon was empty or had stool in it during the procedure. And more often - if a dog does pass a foreign object - the intestines will be very red and inflamed from pushing that through. You could ask for a surgery report to see if there was anything noted during that time. 