 Hi, I was at my friends house earlier who I work with and we're usually broke before pay day but he had a few hundred dollars and I was wondering where the hell he got the money from and he told me he learned this "scam" where he'll run down the street with a ps4 box with a few bricks in it and he'll stop running, sound out of breath, and say to someone "hey im trying to get rid of this hows 50 bucks sound i gotta hurry though" and the person gives him 50 bucks and i guess dont find out til they get home that they've been conned by him. This is extremely immoral, but i was wondering if its illegal, and if he gets caught what would the crime be? Jesus, I didn't realize this post would trigger so many saints of the internet. I was interested in finding out exactly what the crime would be. would it be, say, stealing? fraud? i had a simple question that needed a simple answer but everyones panties quickly bunched into a fierce painful knot.   Actually I was watching an interview about scientology with Jason Beghe (i'll link) where he talks about how in the 80s someone was running down the street with a CVR box and sold it to him and when he got home there was bricks in it, and when he got home he realized he was conned. He correlated this to scientology. This made me curious as to whether or not it's illegal and I found it really hard to title the post with something like "I saw this scientology related interview where Jason beghe was sold a VCR box of bricks" and I figured I would just word it differently so people would get the idea of what i'm talking about quicker. interview: [=KHb0BZyF5Ok t=6375s](=KHb0BZyF5Ok t=6375s) That's interesting you say that because on a radio show Steve Merchant told a similar story where these guys were trying to sell him speakers by saying "we work for Sony and the person they were supposed to be delivered to doesnt want them. If we can sell them on the ride back we get more money" or something and he almost fell for it.   I KNOW right I should be publicly CRUCIFIED for having a friend who chooses to steal. Those 390 upvotes are well deserved my friend, now go back to putting people under citizens arrest via the internet. Late to the party here, but it's probably a bad idea to rip off someone and at the same time give them something they could use to bludgeon him to death. false advertising is for companies who... advertise. Think print and tv and stuff. This is just regular fraud. That has like 0% to do with why they're disinterested lmao What do you think? Use your head Yup Don’t con artists have a saying like “You can’t con an honest man?” The idea being that most cons/scams/grifts rely on the mark’s own greed because they’re too distracted by the possibility of profit that they ignore any red flags. You can buy them online for a couple bucks.  Or, hey chump give me your money for bricks. Many people. This is a common scam, often run out of the back of vans with empty TV boxes, or speakers, or whatever. “There was a corporate error and they sent us too many TVs. We don’t have space and gotta get rid of them quick. Wanna buy this $2k tv for $250? Great deal!”  What makes you think this would NOT be a crime? I'm curious. I sure hope on of your friend's marks doesn't use one of those bricks on him. Obviously this is fraud. If he is sending these through the mail or over state lines, it's a federal crime. Lots of extra charges go with that (along with the possibility of a longer prison sentence). Your 'friend' is an idiot. he would be punished for false advertising best case scenario "Your friend" (that is definitely not you) is a fucking idiot. "Your friend" should see that his plan is obviously illegal. "Your friend" should stop being such a shitty person.  Read that title back out loud to yourself. What do you think? sure, and its a pretty common way of discouraging the victim of going to the police one of the reasons Nigeria is largely disinterested in stopping the "Nigerian prince" email scam (in the cases where it originates from Nigeria) is that the victim was trying to help the grifter avoid tax on their inheritance or whatever. Very illegal, and he should stop before someone opens the box while they can still catch up with him. This sub never ceases to amaze me.  Where is he getting all the ps4 boxes? Guessing he isn’t reusing the same box over and over. Makes me wonder what else he is up to. I’ll tell you exactly.. scummy people who think he just stole it. It’s just like the Bernie Madoff “victims” who thought they were making their profits off of his front-running his brokerage clients. The world may never know  A judge or jury would almost certainly conclude that the person was not offering to sell "an unknown mass in a cardboard box", or offering a person the opportunity to get in on an exciting new cardboard box disposal industry for the low price of fifty dollars, and not that they had cleverly phrased their offer.  Hmmmmm I’m curious to know if he says they are ps4s, if not I’m inclined to believe that he’s not committing fraud as he says “I need to get rid of this”. Not saying it’s right and totally not shitty but he may not actually be commuting a crime  That's adorable. I wonder if OP's buddy is punking him into trying it. Selling somebody a box of bricks with the clear implication that it contains a video game console is ordinary fraud. It's probably a misdemeanor because of the small amount of money involved. Your friend's principal risk is extra-judicial punishment from somebody he defrauded who recognizes him on the street. You used the word scam.. that's your answer. Scams are illegal, punishable by law, or by individual. Your friend could be sued for the money he illegally obtained from people by false advertising and deceptive means. You should disassociate yourself with someone who sees fraud as a means to make money.  Um.. if someone came running up to me out of breath and said that they need to get rid of something, I’d say hell no. That just seems suspicious as fuck, how many people are falling for this..?? And I’d probably go to the police station about this. Knowingly scamming people like that can’t be entirely legal