 So, I was sent a check from the insurance company to fix my car for an accident their client was liable far. This was the only check I had received from them, all supplemental checks were paid to the body shop. I called the body shop after receiving asked if I owed anything they stated no. I told them I received this check they said I'm paid in full, they don't have a charge for the check amount of $152.xx. I went to pick-up my car from the body shop they gave it to me, said nope I don't owe anything i'm good to go. Fast forward to today, 30+ days later I get a call from the body shop saying I owe the $152.xx the check was sent to me in error. Insurance states I have to pay the body shop that $ as it was sent to me in error or they'll do a 'recovery' take the $ out of my account. Do I have any recourse here? I had the body shop tell me I owed $0 even give my car back w/the invoice saying something along the lines of 'nothing owed.' I don't have the $ right now I don't think it's right that they come 30+ days later asking for it back. What can I do? This is Missouri. Imagine the insurance company had overpaid the body shop $152 and you didn't discover it for 30 days. The body shop owner says "it's not fair that you waited 30 days". You'd say "ITS MAH MONNEYS give it give it give it" It sounds like YOU have money that should have gone to the body shop. Mistakes happen. It's 30 days later and now you have to give the $152 to the people who earned it. WHen you asked them, they probably assumed that this check would come straight to them, which would mean there's nothing for you to pay. A mistake like that doesn't mean you magically get a windfall. In fact, where car repair is concerned, you're not supposed to come out with money in your pocket, generally. Pay them their money. The insurance company probably can "claw back" the money from your bank account. The reason is that in the world of responsible adults, simple honest mistakes get cleared up. People who get money they probably aren't entitled to come out of the gate assuming they're not going to get to keep it. pay the bodyshop. It obviously was a mistake.