 Hey all. Today during Rush Hour I was making a left turn into a two way street. 2 kind drivers going north let me pass and as I was turning left some jerk zoomed past and busted my headlight. He was driving on the wrong lane in an attempt to cut the traffic. I had a friend with me that I was taking to the airport I told him I dont care if you're at fault just give me some money for a headlight and we're golden. He said no. Thank goodness there were four police officers having lunch that saw the whole collision and said they'd be willing to testify against this other person for driving on the wrong lane. The officer taking care of our legal work told me I'll get my day in court soon enough and to call my insurance. Officer also told me that having four professional witnesses is a God send and to get my ducks in a row. After the adrenaline wore off, I feel a crazy pain in my neck like I was headbanging for hours. I really am at a loss for how to proceed, the officer working this case gave me a ticket for careless driving because I didn't look both ways to make a left turn (I think that's nonsense but it could be worse I suppose) what should I do now? Who do I contact and what do I say? My car insurance only covers PIP but I gave this person a chance to settle out of court. I drive an old truck so I'm not worried but now I am worried because my insurance will be involved. Any help would be greatly.appreciated thanks. Ideally you should have called them the instant you had the car crash so they can fill out the report on-site, on the spot at the scene of the accident... If you didn't ask for one, then it's basically a "he said she said" type of thing. Hopefully the other person tells the truth to their insurance company. Call the other person's insurance company if you haven't already. Make a claim or find the existing claim that the other person made with their insurance company. If the at-fault party was truthful to their insurance company, then you won't need a police report. And they will cover your damages.  How does one get a police report? I avoid as much conflict with the law at a costs.  Get a police report to document that it was the other driver at fault just in case their insurance company gives you a hard time. Also, the report will be handy just in case the other party decided to sue for damages against you. 