 I started a new, full time salaried job in September \[Colorado\] and during my meeting to sign forms and such with the head of HR, she went over vacation and sick days, letting me know that I get 10 days (2 work weeks) of vacation days and 5 days(1 work week) of sick days for a total of 15 days. These hours are accrued with each paycheck, coming out to me "earning" roughly 5 hours of PTO each pay period (Hope I explained that well enough). These days do not roll over - use it or lose it kind of deal. What she failed to mention and that I found out in December, is that our office actually closes for 11 days over Christmas. Without pay and no one can work, no exceptions. When I learned this and expressed my shock/horror to my manager, she told me that most people just save up their PTO days and use them towards those 11 days so they aren't missing an entire paycheck. What this means is that out of the 15 days of PTO we get, most people are having to hoard those hours to use all at the end of the year to cover those 11 days, leaving us with really only 4 days of PTO, unless we want to see a smaller first paycheck after the holiday. I feel like this is some messed up way for my company to get around people actually taking time off. They tell us we have 15 days of PTO, but close our office with no pay for 11 days and tell us to save up our PTO to use towards those unpaid days. I know I will not be taking any more than 4 vacation days this year because I can't afford a smaller paycheck around the holidays and will put those 11 other PTO days towards the unpaid time off come December. From what I can tell around the office, everyone follows this thinking and no one takes vacations. Is this actually legal and just morally wrong or has my company found some illegal loop hole in their PTO policy to make sure no one can/will actually take time off. I know I probably explained this horribly, so please ask if you need more clarification. Thank you!  If this is the case, I would suggest you not work for this company.  Yeah I looked through the employee packet they gave me when I started and there is no mention of this unpaid Christmas break so even if I had read that front to back I still wouldn’t have known until it was too late. Next job I will definitely be asking more questions - everything is learning lesson I guess. Also good to know this is fairly common. Thank you  Yeah, it seems scummy, but the other way of looking at it is that they are actually doing more than the law requires of them. When it comes to PTO, companies aren't required to provide any for their employee's. So when they do, they can set pretty much any conditions on them. The only issue beyond that is that they need to follow their own policies.  Look at it this way: Your employer shuts down for 11 days every year. Instead of telling you you have to use PTO to cover those days, they allow you the option of taking other time off. A winter-break shutdown with no pay is common in the light industrial sector, because their customers -- the big gov't and other contractors -- are either shut down themselves, or don't have enough new orders to justify a small shop staying open. Maybe that describes your employer or maybe it doesn't -- the point is that what you're describing is fairly common. IDK CO law, but I would be surprised if there were anything illegal about this. The shitty part is that you got this late into the game without knowing how it worked -- that's probably not your fault. But knowing vs not knowing wouldn't change your total compensation for the year, am I right? If that's the case, then in all the ways that matter to a court, the screwup over this didn't cost you any money. Your year-end total wages plus PTO and sick time come out to the same amount (or close to it) I'm guessing.  Thanks for the reply! Not sure what I would have done if it had turned out to be illegal but good to know none the less.  Got it. This company already does things I know are illegal so it wouldn’t have surprised me if this PTO set up was too. Thanks for the reply! Legally speaking, they don't have to offer you any PTO, they could shut down for those 11 days and they wouldn't have to pay you at all. I know it sounds shitty, but they are actually doing more than they are legally required to do.  Plus it's just a bad business practice to treat employees poorly. But yeah, they can legally do this There’s no law saying that employers are required to offer paid time off. 