 A good friend of mine and his wife emigrated to Michigan from Eastern Europe two years ago as new lawful permanent US residents - green card holders. When they first arrived they didn't speak speak much English or have much understanding of where to start to get themselves settled in to life in America, but our community of friends was happy to step in an to help them get settled with the basics, as we have done for many others - helping them secure drivers licenses, buying a car, setting up utilities, paying taxes, etc. For my part, I was happy to co-sign with them on a lease for an apartment. It was a typical lease agreement- committing them to a one-year initial rental period, and then going month-to-month after the first year was up, with the option to terminate with 30 days notice. The lease agreement also provided for a security deposit equivalent to a month's rent - more than a thousand dollars. My friends paid the security deposit and their first month's rent (by check), signed the lease agreement, and moved in. Fast forward two years to this week, and my friends have just closed on their new house after scrimping and saving two years for their down payment. In the two years they were in the apartment, they had never been late with a payment, had never had any issues with the landlord or neighbors, and kept the apartment in great condition. In prepping to move out, they had provided adequate notice to the landlord, made their last rent payment on time, closed out their utilities, and were moved out on schedule. They had thought everything was squared up - until today. When they went to the rental office to collect their down payment this morning, they were told that they were only entitled to $99- less than a tenth of the original deposit. Completely flabbergasted at this development (and armed with some better English than he had had two years prior) my friend asked for an explanation. In response, the landlord produced \his\ copy of the original lease agreement - in which the amount of the original security deposit ($1010) had been crossed out in pen and replaced with a figure of "ninety-nine dollars". The handwritten modification had been "initialed" by three parties - my friend, his wife, and myself (all appeared to have been done by the same hand). The modification to the lease agreement is a complete forgery. My friend never initialed the modification, his wife didn't either, and I sure as hell didn't. This asshole is trying to keep a thousand dollars of my friend's money. Rather than make a big scene, my friend simply left the office and went home, where (fortunately) he knew he had a copy of the original (and unmodified) lease agreement, countersigned by all parties. He went to his bank to try and get a copy of the canceled check, but they haven't responded so far. So - legal advice minds of Reddit - what's our next move? We've got the original and unmodified agreement. Is our next move to a lawyer, the cops, or what? I really want to be able to help my friend out here!