 My wife and I caught her son(my stepson) scamming people online out of money(pretending to be a woman and exchanging XXX pics for $ ON Kik). As we traced what was happening with the $, we noticed he was sending it to his step mom in SC(we live in NC). When we confronted him about it he admitted his stepmom knew about it, she set the paypal account up, verified with her phone number and added her bank cards to transfer the $ from the paypal to give to him. We verified this by looking at the Paypal he had the login credentials for. At some point the Paypal she helped him setup couldn't receive anymore $ because it was reported for suspicious transactions. Our son then got the people he was scamming to send the $ to a paypal address that was the stepmom's work email(googling that email sent us straight to her work Twitter account). Our son is 14. She has full custody and father has biweekly visitation. We don't want our son around his stepmom. My wife is scared if she doesn't allow visitation she'll be held in contempt. I think allowing him to be in an environment that encourages criminal behaviour and nefarious acts would be just as bad. My wife believes if the police get involved it will over complicate things. Does anyone have advice? I am not one to involve law enforcement in things, but this situation is volatile and could result in so many different bad outcomes. Without their involvement, the child is still at risk, this even could lead to charges for not involving the law Update: Nothing happened, no charges against stepmom or stepson. Sucks.  't understand why she used him to do this instead of doing it herself. I do, having done family tech support. Likely scenario: "You kids can do stuff with computers I got a great idea you do it".  So I definitely see your wife's point here, but I strongly want to encourage you to report this whole scheme to the police (AFTER consulting a criminal defense lawyer!). I'm not clear on whether your stepson or his stepmom was the instigator of this whole scheme, but either way, a few important things would likely shake out of coming forward to the police: Your stepson is a minor, which means the consequences of getting caught doing illegal things now are much less worse than getting caught after he turns 18 Your stepson learns a very important lesson in actions having consequences, sometimes very bad legal consequences. Your stepson learns that his family (or at least your half of his family) will not cover up his mistakes from him, or let him shirk responsibility for his actions Your stepson's stepmom getting charged with illegal actions (and possibly it coming to light that she instigated or actively encouraged this behavior in your stepson) will give your wife ammunition for any changes in her custody agreement Obviously this will absolutely be poking a hornets nest, so you 1000% want to encourage a criminal defense attorney first to talk about what consequences your stepson is likely to face, so you can weigh the risk of action appropriately. You may want to also ask them what liability you may face for knowing about this scam, but failing to report it. From a relationship perspective, I think you must get your wife on board with whatever course of action you take; being the non-blood-related person who 'sold out' your stepson against his blood mother's wishes could totally bomb your relationship. I don't know what your relationship with your stepson is like, but you may need to be prepared to get some family counseling, to make sure your stepson knows that this is not a betrayal. Best of luck. Your post has been removed for the following reason(s): Bad or Illegal Advice Your post has been removed for offering poor legal advice. It is either an incorrect statement or conclusion of law, inapplicable for the jurisdiction under discussion, misunderstands the fundamental legal question, or is advice to commit an unlawful act. Please review the following rules before commenting further: [General Rule 8]() [Commenting Rules 1]() and [3]() [Reddit Violent Content Rule]() Please [read our subreddit rules](). If after doing so, you believe this was in error, or you’ve edited your post to comply with the rules, [message the moderators](=%2Fr%2FLegalAdvice). Do not reach out to a moderator personally, and do not reply to this message as a comment. This is what I thought too. Basically she’s setting her stepson up to be the fall guy if anything goes wrong. She can proclaim, “I didn’t do anything. He set up all the accounts. I had no idea.” Sounds like there's multiple accounts under both her personal and work email. There's a lot going on here. It's quite possible that she isn't the culprit though. All someone would need to do is have access to her phone and wallet to verify her email address, phone number, or add her card. The stuff being sent to her could have been sent under the guise as gifts. It's also extremely risky to use an email address that leads to her work Twitter account too. It could honestly really be the dad who is doing this and SM is completely oblivious. Or it could be something they both cooked up, but dad and SM are just too dumb to cover their paper trail. I would definitely speak to a lawyer ASAP and cut the child's access to the internet for the immediate future.  Old school bagman style? "-I- didn't do anything. My deeply troubled (probably minor) stepson did this and used my good name." He could have told her he was selling video game stuff which is would come in a bunch of lower amounts she prob should she was helping him because he didn't have a credit card and she was just to lazy to look into it more. Tell them what happened and that she should cancelled the pay pal. Then ground the kid and problem solved Yes it's a VERY huge risk. It's still hard to wrap our heads around. Do you think going to the sheriff's dept would be a better 1st step than waiting on the attorney (attorney has been known to not return calls for weeks, but she's the best one and awesome)  I still don't understand why she used him to do this instead of doing it herself. This was a huge risk for her. (And wow, just wow). Your wife really should contact her attorney ASAP. Account was verified through a text to her phone, her debit card was added, her address was added. When this account couldn't be used, another was setup under her work email. Some of these pics were exchanged for Amazon gift cards as well. Child sent things to her address, addressed to her. She also scammed people locally in SC by selling boutique clothes in an online shop on FB but never sent the merchandise and wouldn't refund the $. I would like to believe he was making this up to shift blame away, unfortunately I don't think that's the case. Call the attorney tomorrow and follow the instructions. But I am confused about this whole thing. Why would step-mom even need the child to do this? She could have done this herself, without any "middleman". It makes no sense that she (or dad) would take such a risk involving the child. Are you/wife certain that child didn't make up story about step-mom to deflect some blame? Pictures were just downloaded off the web. My wife confronted dad and stepmom about it, both deny knowing and abetting. Stepmom did admit giving son $60 but she didn't know where the $ was coming from. I believe dad absolutely knew. We recently moved to NC and our family attorney is in the county of SC that dad and step mom live, we can't get down there to file the motion until next week. Visitation is scheduled for this weekend. Everything is documented and we still have access to the Paypal, email, kik account, everything.