 This company is located in Minnesota. Last night around 11:30 pm CST we got a voicemail from the incident management team stating that due to severe cold weather only essential customer support roles had to report to work. Everyone else was allowed to have the day off. I would consider my job to fall into the "essential customer support" category, and I, along with many others in my department, decided to come into the office today. Our managers did not state that we were required to come in today, we as employees took it upon ourselves to come in to work since our customer base is nationwide. There was no communication yesterday that the cancellation would even be an option for today, and my coworkers and I were under the assumption we would work today. Now, our question is regarding how we should be paid for today. Because around 12 noon today we found out that everyone, regardless if they showed up to the office or not, will be paid for their full scheduled shift without question. Those of us that did decide to come into work are under the impression that we will not be compensated for the extra hours where we actually came into the office and completed our job-related tasks. I personally worked a 6 hour day before I decided to head home early. As expected, those of us who did show up to work are not happy with the lack of timely communication about 1) the work cancellation, and 2) the pay situation. We feel that we should at the minimum get extra base pay for the hours we were in the office. Does anyone have insight into this situation? Do we have recourse to at least bring this up to our company's HR department, or am I off base with my reasoning? Is there another resource I should look into, or agency I should contact to get this sorted out? This is my first legaladvice post so my apologies for any rules that were overlooked, or syntax errors. Thank you for your help. J  You're entitled to your regular rate of pay for those hours worked, unless you were promised a different rate of pay. The fact that others got to stay home and get paid the same is irrelevant.