 This is petty, I admit it. Just looking for answers, but this sub can be harsh, so let’s just stick to the answer of my petty ass question. TLDR at the bottom. I have a shitty neighbor in my apartment complex and want to know if I can legally do something since management is shit. Our lease states that parking in the complex is open and there are no assigned spots, but everyone is only allotted two parking spots. Over the summer, we had issues with tenants having three cars or multiple guests over and taking other tenants “spots.” This never affected me as someone else was living next to me at the time. But because so many people were pissed about this, the property manager sent an email stating that everyone needed to stick to the two spots directly in front of their apartments to avoid conflict. This was before my current neighbors moved in, also the property manager left and we now have a new one. The new neighbor was a single guy who moved in and there were no issues. Shortly after, his girlfriend moved in (technically think she isn’t even on the lease and we’re not allowed prolonged visitors, but I have no proof that she isn’t on it) and she caused this ridiculousness. Once she moved in, she would have friends over and take up the spots in front of my building. I am towards the corner of it, it’s a row of single apartments (no apartments above or below). So when my spots were taken, I had to park further away. I tried knocking on their door one day to ask if they could avoid my spot but they didn’t answer. So I left a note (even apologized in the note for leaving a note and tried to be as nice as possible). Since then, she has taken to only parking in “my spot” even when all of the others are free. Not to mention, this spot is directly in front of my apartment and no one else’s, so she’s not benefitting from parking here. Now, you may say, “veganmansion, why don’t you just park in her spot if it’s just one spot over?” Well the answer is I did that to avoid confrontation. Now, because she is a shitty person, she will get in her car at night and turn in her brights so that they shine through my window (again, this is the only spot in front of only. My. Apartment.). Sometimes she actually goes somewhere, sometimes she just sits in her car. If she does go somewhere I’ll move my car into my spot before she gets back. But as soon as I leave for work in the morning, she moved back in front of my apartment. And that night she will make sure she shines her brights through my window for a few minutes. I have brought the issue to the new property manager, but she doesn’t seem to care and has taken no steps to get her to stop. So my question is, since we are allowed two spots, would it be illegal to park my car to take up the two in front of my place? If she were to try to park nearer to my car, could I be held liable for anything or get towed for parking “illegally” Thanks to all those who indulge my pettiness. My knee jerk reaction is to smear my dog’s shit on this girl’s car, but I read this sub enough to know not to do that. Not to mention one of the only two cameras this place has points in the direction of her car. Tldr: can I take up two spots in my parking lot without getting towed or held liable or any damages this woman would probably try to cause? Buy a $50 moped/scooter on Craiglist. Leave it parked in the spot in front of your apartment. Install camera to document anyone who tries to mess with it. Even if they weren't in the legal right to tow you, would you want to go through the trouble of actually being towed, waking up to a missing car, going without your car until you pay the tow lot to retrieve it, then having to file a lawsuit to recoup the money? You're allowed two spots; you're not guaranteed or entitled to two spots. I would think that means you can park up to two cars in a total of two spots, not that you get to take up any two spots no matter what by double-parking. If other tenants are taking more than two spots, your recourse is with the apartment management. The squeaky wheel gets the grease. And I guess the legal part that I didn’t express is if they could legally tow me if I’m allowed two spots. You’re right. My childish side just wants a more satisfying, revengeful, and consequence free solution.  You don't have a spot. The spots are for everyone. The suggestion to park in front of your own apartment was a solution, not a parking rule. Get thick/dark/blackout curtains to ward off the hi-beam issue. Outside of double-parking, I'm not really sure you have a legal issue on your hands, you have a neighbor/relationship issue.