 Some background: My mother is from an Asian culture, currently works as an admin at a prestigious institution. I am 23, mixed and I have grown up where marijuana is now legal. My father is indifferent on the matter. My mother has been aggressively on my case about marijuana for the past year. She is aware that I have used in the past but do not anymore. However, there are still many users within my circle. A day after posting photos of a weekend trip to my private instagram account (which she follows), she interrogated me about using while I was adamant that I have not. I suspected she looked through my friends accounts and tried to find proof of any unacceptable behavior. I found that incredibly disturbing. The day after, I replied to a series of dramatic texts she had sent, explaining that I understand she is coming from a place of worry but her actions are overbearing and frightening. Without acknowledging what I have sent, she replied to tell me she was removed from one of her projects today because of a photo (posted a month ago by a friend) of me next to a mate who is holding a joint. The friend who posted the photo has his profile set to public and is one of the mates I tagged in my latest post. Here are some details that make me suspect my mother has lied to teach me a lesson: My instagram profile is set to private and has no association to my real name. The photo was a part of a compilation grouped together into one post and I was not tagged in that specific photo. I am tagged in an earlier photo within that same post. Besides the photo with the joint, all other photos do not insinuate drug use. My mothers profile is also set to private. Ultimately, I'm concerned about the legality of someone being disciplined at work for what has been posted about their child on instagram. It seems far fetched that my mother's superiors would be looking through what my friends are doing for any professional reason, considering I have no relevance to her work or any affiliation with the institution she works. I feel it's even more far fetched for my mother to actually face repercussion for who I hang out with. She 100% made this shit up. Her employer couldn't give two shits about a photo of you in the same place as a joint. Even if you were holding it, they still wouldn't.  Certain she doesn't. She follows me so yes, I'm aware she is able to see my friends posts if they are not set to private. So this isn't a matter of what she can see. My concern is if she invented this story or if her employers really did dig this deep for the photo and if that photo is justifiable to get professional consequences. She is full of it and trying to control you.  Your mom is L-Y-I-N-G. Your mother didn’t run background checks she has your password.