 My daughter and husband received a summons almost a year ago on her husband's private student loan that was in default. After extensive researching online, every article indicated that any debt incurred before marriage was not the responsibility of the spouse. It turns out this could not be further from the truth. Her husband took this debt out and defaulted before they even met. At the time of the summons, my daughter filed a response to the summons along with proof that all debt was pre-marriage. A few months later she received a summons to appear in court. She took off work and appeared. The judge and defense lawyer were surprised that she was there. She told them she was there to make sure that none of this was going to be her responsibility. They indicated that no she was not responsible and that she only received a summons because Arizona is a community property state but that nothing would happen with her wages or accounts. They do not have joint accounts. After this she heard nothing except the collection agency would call her husband to try and collect. He doesn't work and probably won't for the foreseeable future. Fast forward to today and my daughter got a notice from her bank that her account has been frozen. She called the collection agency and they indicated that they have every right to take her money and they plan to attach her wages because they have a "community judgement". She called several lawyers today to see if there was anything she could do and they cut her off as soon as they heard "student loan". I guess I have two questions: Is there anything that she can do to stop them from collecting a debt from her that was completely incurred before marriage? Why is there so much disinformation out there on this subject? It's really astounding to me how very wrong it is. Even student loan hero is wrong on this.  I am in similar situation in NV (being another community property state I understand that what they did is not fair) and was trying to find out if your daughter could do anything to get at least half of the money back??? Not retained. Just a phone consultation. She did have an attorney call her back and say he would call her back because it sounded off like something he would like to discuss further.  Was this attorney someone that she actually retained, and who had access to all the facts of the situation, or was it someone simply answering “off the cuff” when your daughter called in asking for a consultation? This is not my area of expertise, so i dont know of what she might be able to do herself. In my opinion, she needs to find an attorney (and not a cheap one) ASAP. That attorney can likely get something filed within 24 hours.  If she has the means, she should contact the agency and make payment arrangements. I know this isn't her debt or her responsibility, but, if she's agreeable and seems to want to negotiate, they'll be more willing to work with her instead of taking everything she has. In the meantime, she could look into legal action. As stated above, it's important to clarify that this is a private student loan.  Thank you so much for the information. All of the money they have made the bank hold is from her pay. Is there anything she can do/file before she can find an attorney?  In Arizona, the marital community is liable for the debts incurred by one spouse prior to the marriage, so it is proper for the judgement to be against the marital community. However, that liability is limited to the contributions of that spouse to the marital community (see [ARS 25-215](=)). So, if your son in law has no contributions to the marital community, then there are no assets available to pay the debt. It is up to your daughter to prove that the assets they are trying to seize were not contributed by your son in law. Your daughter should keep looking for an attorney until she finds one that can help. One recommendation is that she should tell prospective attorneys that that she is willing to pay for the initial consultation, because people that offer free consultations will many times refuse to meet with people who appear to have doubtful cases, and contesting student loans are very rarely successful, and attorneys will not want to waste their time. This is one of the rare cases that seems to have a legitimate defense.  She had an attorney tell her they probably shouldn't of included her in the judgement but since they did it is too late.