 After several months working customer service, doing a lot of typing, my wrists developed severe pain. There wasn’t a specific incident or accident that caused this. I worked with my doctor and a specialist to get it treated. The pain was due to poor workstation ergonomics and overuse. I provided notice and attempted to either start the process for medical leave, or to continue working but with the absences excused and an updated workstation. My job has a no-fault attendance policy where absences incurred accrue points, and there’s grounds for termination once you reach a certain threshold. I gained points for taking time off to visit the doctor, as well as each full day and half day absence I took to manage the pain. The doctor’s notes I provided did not excuse the absences. Likewise, my immediate managers were unable to mitigate the points. I was eventually provided an ADA form to give my specialist, but before I could have that fulfilled, I was terminated for attendance. I later learned that the Help Desk I was in contact with over email did not follow protocol, and that HR should have overseen the entire process for medical accommodations and leave. HR said I shouldn’t have been terminated while a request was pending. Unfortunately there wasn’t an onsite HR for me to utilize to help prevent the situation. As for my questions: Is this wrongful termination? I realize Texas is a right-to-work state with at-will employment, but I’m not sure how that interacts with medical situations that arise on the job. Is there a case to be made that my job is responsible for this medical condition that has developed even though there wasn’t a specific workplace accident? I was verbally informed of my termination over the phone, but there hasn’t been any further documentation, and they haven’t requested me to turn in my badge. Am I actually terminated, or is this some sort of employment limbo? Can I file for unemployment? Is there a legal time frame my employer is obligated to pay me for my final hours? What are the best next steps to take?  -to-work state Right to work has to do with compulsory union dues, not getting hurt. Now on to the matters at hand: You likely were not there long enough for FMLA. You need to be employed for 12 months to be eligible. You may or may not be eligible for workers comp. This is going to be fact specific. Texas requires you file within 30 days of the injury (or knowing of the injury). It's also difficult (but certainly not impossible) to prove repetitive use injuries in general, particularly in regards to typing. (You're on reddit typing right now) Minor injuries do not usually do not make someone qualify for ADA protections. Honestly though just contact an employment lawyer, many will give you a free consultation. There's a few fact specific things here and a few things they will need to clear up with you.