 This might be straightforward legally but it feels complicated to me. My parents divorced when I was 18 and I am now 41. In their divorce decree my mom was awarded half of his 401k and ever since my dad reached retirement age they have fought over who pays the fees and taxes to get my mom’s half transferred into her name and so the paperwork never got filled out. Mom very recently passed away suddenly at the age of 60 and left no will. We haven’t even had her funeral yet. My stepdad is arranging and paying for her funeral. I am struggling financially and cannot afford to fly to England to attend her funeral. Obviously we could both use a portion of the 401k for our expenses right now and it would help us immensely. However my Dad already consulted an estate lawyer and says he is under no obligation to give the money to anyone now. I never thought I’d be in this situation. My mom was an American citizen living in the UK. I am an American citizen as well as my Dad, and we both live in the USA. Step dad is a German citizen living in the UK. Who is legally entitled to the half of the 401k that was supposed to go to my mom? I’m so in so much pain grieving that I don’t want to have to deal with this but the money could be used right now to help honor my mom. It’s a hard time - I definitely still think it’s worth at least a consult with an attorney as most will do one for free and ultimately it’s totally possible if he got a letter from an attorney he’d back off but I understand not wanting to go there Thank you for the information. I guess unfortunately there’s nothing I can do unless my Dad finds it in his heart to help me get to my mom’s funeral. I’ll pass the information on to my stepdad as it sounds like he would have to sue my dad if he wants anything out of it but I doubt that will happen as you said, it would be costly and he’s already struggling with funeral expenses. My heart just hurts right now. A quick consult with a local family law attorney may be the best way to find out since it sounds like they didn't use one for their divorce - I understand you won't be suing him but it's possible your step father might (although that would be costly). I am not completely clear on what intestate laws (no will) would apply here to be honest - if it's UK law the spouse gets the first 250,000 pounds and it's unlikely her half is that much so your step dad might get it all. If some US state law applies, states vary but generally it's some kind of split for spouse/children so you would only be getting part of it. Your stepfather would have no obligation to leave that money to you later so just food for thought on your father's possible motivation. I’m not sure where the divorce decree is located now but my stepdad could probably find it. It was a very simple donut yourself divorce as they split on good terms and agreed to the 50/50 split of the 401k at that time. I have read the divorce papers and it’s literally like one sentence that states my mom would get 50% with no other provisions that I remember. I’m just really hurt right now by the way my dad is handling this. I will not be suing my Dad as I am still listed as his beneficiary on the 401k and I don’t want to anger him to the point he disinherits me entirely. I guess I was hoping if I can show him that we are still legally entitled to it as her next of kin he would do the right thing. I am sorry for your loss. Your best bet is for you/your step father also consult with a lawyer Did your mom have a copy of the divorce decree/settlement somewhere you can access? There are quite a few ways a 401K can be divided during a divorce and any number of provisions or caveats could have been added in so while I do think it would be a bit odd for her death to stop him needing to pay out marital assets they were supposed to split in the divorce, I am not comfortable definitively saying it's impossible or that he is required to do it now. You will likely need to consult with an attorney anyways if she is entitled because cross border probate can be complicated and a fiduciary may need to be appointed in the USA. I'm sure it's not what you want to hear but even if she is entitled to half it could easily be 6 months to a year before that money is paid out of her estate and longer if you actually have to sue your dad - I wouldn't rely in any way on having it soon.