 I am a graduate student, and we are paid through a combination of fellowship money and teaching jobs. At this point I'm getting $30,000 per year; if I teach for a certain amount of time during the year, the salary from the teaching job goes towards this total amount; if I don't, then it all comes from my fellowship. All of this income is taxed; the fellowship money doesn't have any amount withheld, while the salary from the teaching job does have some withheld. This last part about the money withheld from the teaching job is where I ran into trouble. I taught during the spring semester 2017. I had thought that I had chosen not have any money withheld from my teaching paychecks, so last year (April 2018) when I filed my taxes I filled out the form accordingly and paid what I thought I owed out of pocket (about $2,500). Come to find out this past fall that there is money withheld out of my teaching paychecks, and the total amount withheld basically covers what I have to pay in taxes for the whole year. I had worked during the spring semester of 2017 and had this money withheld, so when I filed in April 2018 I basically overpaid the government by maybe $2,000, and I didn't get a refund. So, my question is, is it still possible to file to get this money back? I can access my paystubs from spring 2017 when the money was withheld. How complicated is the procedure to do this? Can I do it on TurboTax, or should I get a lawyer? Thank you. Yes, you should take your actual W-2 and completed an amended 1040. OK, thanks for this, that's what I'll do. Thanks, I think what happened is that I didn't look at my W-2 as I knew what I made and I assumed that I didn't have anything withheld. So I'm not sure if I can correct that as it was my mistake, but it really should be possible I would think.  It sounds like you need to file an amended tax return to claim your refund. Keep in mind that any federal income tax withholdings from you wages would be included on your W-2.  I’m confused, was your initial W-2 or 1099 wrong? Cause if you used that info and your calculations said you owed money then you owed money. The amount withheld is stated clearly on those forms. There is no way money was withheld and you didn’t know about it unless you were just guessing when you did your taxes or the company made an error and issued you an amended W-2 or 1099. If he later situation is what happened then yes, you can file an amended return with the correct information for up to 3 years.