 Apologies if this has been asked before, I did look, but am obviously new... This is a genuine request for community feedback to help in understanding the Pros/Cons, potential PitFalls, etc. of deciding to go through the NFA Form 4 process to purchase a suppressor in my specific situation. TL/DR: I want to create an NFA Trust, and purchase a suppressor. Partner uses MMJ legally under State Law, I do NOT, we co-habitate. Partner will NOT be associated with the NFA Trust in any way. Am I asking for legal problems by applying for an NFA item? If not, is this likely to come up and cause the NFA application to be denied? # Essential Facts: Unmarried, but in long term, cohabitation relationship. Both live, work, reside, and are legal residents of Arizona. Neither of us have any criminal record. (We have both had minor speeding tickets, but nothing else or serious.) Both myself, and partner have passed background checks with fingerprints, etc. for the U.S. Customs and Border Protection (CBP) "Global Entry" program that allows expedited clearance for pre-approved, low-risk travelers upon arrival in the United States, and our Global Entry status is valid/current. (Don't know if that matters one way or the other...) Housing is single family home, in Phoenix, no HOA. Property pre-dates relationship so is owned and titled exclusively in my name. Partner is not listed on Title, etc. # NFA Plan (Initial Thoughts: Desire is to purchase a suppressor (maybe two) primarily for range use, but I like the idea of not going deaf in the extremely unlikely scenario of personal home defense. Plan to create NFA Trust and purchase through the trust instead of as individual simply because of future thinking. I would be the ONLY "responsible person" initially, just for simplicity an timing sake. May add other family members, close friends down the road (another reason for Trust Vs Personal purchase.) Partner would NOT be "responsible person" or a member of this NFA Trust in ANY way. # MMJ Variable Consideration: I do NOT use, consume, personally posses, or assist in the use of MMJ. Partner DOES HAVE a current and valid AZ State MMJ card, and does make use of it. AZ does have protections for citizens built into the MMJ Law: Section 36-2811 D.2 of the Arizona Medical Marijuana Act states that: "...no person can be arrested, prosecuted, or penalized for simply being near a medical marijuana patient using medical marijuana. (The patient must have a valid Arizona medical marijuana card and be obeying the law.)" Partner's use is fairly minimal: Usage is mostly CBD, and high-CBD/low-THC ratio formulations, but yes products with THC are a component of partners treatment plan. Partner obtains 100% of all MMJ through an AZ state licensed dispensary. No growing, producing, or anything like that is done on property. # NFA Process Impact Questions: I know whenever you purchase a firearm you have to answer the questions about YOUR use of any illegal substances and they have that whole spiel about MMJ still being Federally illegal regardless of state laws. I can answer all of those questions truthfully since I personally do NOT use. However, with a co-habitating partner who does have an AZ State MMJ card, listing our home address (and is therefore in a state database that can be verified by law enforcement and employers...) I feel I am in a grey area... Am I inviting a nightmare (i.e. actual risk of triggering legal problems) if I pursue the process of acquiring NFA items like a Suppressor? If this is NOT likely to blow up other legal problems, what is the likelihood that the NFA process would extend to the personal details of my partner listed above, and ultimately cause the approval to be denied? (Again, Partner will NOT be affiliated with the NFA Trust in any way. They just share the same address...) Thanks for any help. I will preface this by clarifying I cannot give legal advice. Your new scenario is much more plausible. If the firearms and NFA items were secured offsite in a location your partner did not have access to, you’re likely in the clear. Constructive possession is based around access and proximity. By storing them offsite, you have removed that component. As you are not a prohibited person, you would then be free to go to that site, retrieve your firearms, and do what you will with them that day before returning them prior to heading home. This puts a bit of a kink into your home protection plan, but it wouldn’t be an automatic no-go for you to own and posses the items.  Thank you for your reply, and I see by your posting history you likely are employed in the legal profession in some way. Based on the quality of your response, let me pose the question another way... If an otherwise existing NFA Trust wanted to add me to that trust, so that I could legally posses and use the NFA items held within that trust, but where the the NFA Items are NOT stored at my address, would this be viewed essentially the same? What I'm trying to get at is that I obviously fully understand the "raised eyebrow" factor of the same address housing both a documented prohibited person, and NFA items. Even if always locked in a safe where my partner did not have access, I get it it's going to at least raise a few eyebrows in the best case scenario. However, wouldn't that really be the concern? I.E. if the items are secured off premise elsewhere, in compliance with all the other regulations, do I automatically surrender my legal ability to own and use ANY firearm? That would seem a bit extreme, but I'm not an attorney. Taken further, I realize that NFA items being more tightly regulated, that this is a separate consideration and suitability test, but again would ask this same question in this seperate scenario... Does a law abiding citizen automatically surrender the opportunity for eligibility to use NFA items simply because the share an address with someone who also a 100% law abiding citizen excepting for their use of state sanctioned MMJ? For everyone else reading this reply: I truly do want to generate some good quality, informed discussion on this, so thank you for participating regardless of what your opinions are on this topic or firearms in general. Just please be respectful, and articulate the foundations, logic, reasoning, etc. of whatever that opinion happens to be... I can’t say that you might have any legal issues with this, but your partner certainly could. Federal law prohibits a documented drug user from possessing (actual or constructive) any firearms. It sounds like your partner may already be in violation of this statute even without bringing in the suppressor. What you are proposing is certainly constructive possession. It may not be a statute that is prosecuted often, but it does happen. I’ve seen a handful come through our district in the last year.  You are suggesting keeping a highly regulated weapon in the same household as a prohibited person. This is a terrible plan.