 Hey guys, I'm new to this sub (and Reddit in general) so I'm not entirely sure if this is the right place for this. If anyone has any other recommendations, let me know. Also sorry for any formatting issues. My dad just called me because he has a friend (male, late 40s) who is threatening to hurt a lot of people. I work in mental health so he thought I could help, but this is way out of my area of expertise. Here is the situation as I understand it: the guy has mental health issues (I don't know specifics) and issues with substance abuse. He recently had to have a breathalyser installed in his car after an accident involving drunk driving. Now he's threatening to basically shoot up our local secretary of state and my dad is taking his threats very seriously. My dad has, to a degree, been in contact with the police. My uncle, his brother, is a police officer and my grandfather is a retired sheriff. I don't know specifically what they told him, but I guess they essentially said the police couldn't do anything without there being a clear and present threat. My dad called me hoping there was a way to get him involuntarily committed for psychological evaluation. Does anyone know how to proceed here? What are our options? Authorities were contacted two days ago. I came here looking for the next step. To get advice? I don't think it's an especially hard concept to understand. I don't know the man's name or anything about him which makes reporting a little tricky, so I came here for advice to pass along to my father. My dad contacted our local police department two days ago and was not taken seriously. I personally can't do much reporting because I don't even know the man's name. The point of this post was to get some advice on what my dad's next step would be when local law enforcement is unhelpful. FBI Have your dad contact the secretary of state and let them know about this guys plans. He should also notify the FBI via the tip line and the state police. He will need the details available though, as well as evidence that can help the FBI. He should also do it repeatedly. Also, I would have him note that he tried reporting this to the police only to be told they can't do anything. (With names so the incompetent cops can get called out and reprimanded.) Step 1: Close Reddit and go to Google. Step 2: Look up the phone number for your local law enforcement agency. Step 3: Call that number immediately and tell them everything you know about this. You sit there and post to Reddit. Seriously? This is scenario is literally dripping in “contact authorities.” is this thread a joke??? call the police. why are you even wasting time??  Reporting that a person has threatened to shoot the Secretary of State WILL be taken seriously by law enforcement. Here is the guidance from DHS: Stop talking to police officer friends/family and call the actual police. They will decide if something should be done or not. (If an actual threat was witnessed against an elected official, they will look into it.) Assuming this is the "Secretary of State" of the State of Michigan, you might want to call the state police vs your local police. State police and FBI.  OP remember the simple fact that multiple offices and branches of law enforcement dropped the ball on the Stoneman Douglas High School shooter. If you feel this is a major threat. You will get the best and fastest reaction by calling the intended target and telling them you believe there is an imminent threat of a shooting. You can then give them the info on said individual. When they call the proper authorities, then they will get off their ass and do something.  Look into an application for involuntary admission. It seems likely the man is under severe amounts of stress, and may be suffering from an underlying, or undiagnosed mental illness. Get him the help he so desperately needs and maybe you'll save everybody's life, because the other option will result in at least one life being destroyed. Speak to an actual on duty officer, not family members who are off duty police. There needs to be a paper trail started, along with all the other advice you've received so far. If your father can get him to repeat this information in real time, he can call the police or 911 to get him evaluated for a psych hold. The criteria is being a danger to himself or to others. The key is the “others.” Of course, the doctors would have to evaluate the genuineness of that because I’m sure he will try to weasel out if he has any remaining functioning brain cells. It probably won’t get him arrested if he hasn’t made concrete steps to carry out violence, but it might get him some help and it will also pit him on peoples radar. I would also second the idea of phoning the office of the Secretary of State, or having your father do it because you are really a third hand witness at this point. They might escalate things a bit quicker. Call every law enforcement agency that's appropriate and have every concerned individual do so, as well. By that, I mean, contact the county and sheriff's office nearest where the guy lives, the same offices near where the people he threatened live and work, your state police offices and the FBI tip line. Have the details ready for them and any evidence of previous mental illness issues, arrests or episodes of violence. Don't just call once. Get names and numbers of those you can contact later, to see if anything has been done. Call until someone listens to you. You could also call the local secretary of state office and let them know. I bet when they call the cops it will be taken seriously. You said the guy has mental issues, can this be proven in a court of law? As in was he declared mentally ill by a medical professional? If so, this should be handled by the police once you make them aware of the fact that he has mental health issues however it seems as though the authorities in your area are a bit incompetent so I might take it to another City. There are legal grounds and I think that's what you're seeking, it seems bizarre that they did not investigate his statements further, not professional the police department at all  Call the State Police and or State Bureau of Investigation and REPORT your concerns immediately. They will take his threats very seriously. These are the types that can go of on a rampage shooting spree. This guy needs some help now. Hope the police respond and inform them if anything else occurs. Call the cops. Immediately. 