 TL;DR at bottom. Not me, but my friend's girlfriend... Her car spun out in the rain and got totaled, so she used her mom's newer Nissan Rogue, which the back light for everything (gauges, radio, HVAC) is on at all times, the DRL's are bright AF, and her work has really bright streetlights so she assumed her lights were actually on, but got pulled over as she was leaving, even though she realized it the split second she left the parking lot and switched it on. However, she didn't physically have her license with her at the time (she later found it in the bags of belongings from her wrecked car), so she was written up for both offenses, the cop had her sign a citation, but refused to give her a physical copy of the citation and said that he'll mail it "since it was a correctable violation there's nothing to worry about". She then gets a notice of correction/proof of service last Friday, but it's only to correct the fact that they transposed a couple of numbers (e.g. 12591(a) to 12951(a) CVC) but still no ticket, the citation # can't be looked up online, there's no "OC Pay #" (whatever the hell that is), so I advised her to go to the clerk's window... They refused to consider the fact that she had her license with her, and also refused to give her a court date or a even a printout, just verbally telling her to pay or apply for traffic school by 2/25 (and even then she already used up her traffic school for a bad U-turn about 10 months ago). Funny thing was, I've had a "no license on me" ticket about 10 years ago (got carded at a bar and lazily put it in a coat, then went through a sobriety checkpoint the next week leaving the house for a burger run, and I didn't know my rights back then); I was granted an arraignment and had it dismissed on the spot, so I don't understand why this can't be a correctable violation and there's no arraignment for her. Did the law change somehow? What should be done in this situation? It sounds like kangaroo court to me right now... Thank you for your help! TL;DR: Friend's GF forgot to switch on headlights ([/r/CrappyDesign]() car + bright parking lot), cop makes her sign ticket but refuses to give her a copy and and says he'll mail it, she only receives notice of correction for writing wrong code. Asks clerk about ticket; clerk refuses to let her know arraignment/court date and effectively only gives her a payment due date, when I know it's not the due process (at least since 10 years ago). Please advise; thanks! I don't think you're getting the full story. She needs to go to the traffic window (not the payment window) and ask for a copy, or at least the citation information. She also needs to ask for an arraignment date so she can show her license. If she goes early in the morning she may be able to see a judge the same morning; she can ask to be added to the arraignment calendar.