 So I'm looking at this plumbing company's reviews and it seems we're not the only ones. One morning my mother's house's sewage line brakes. She has tenants she rents to, so she needs it fixed ASAP. They come, quote her $12K dollars, she feels she has no alternative and signs. Mind you, these are the same guys that had worked on the same sewage system some years ago and guaranteed the sewage system would work for another 50 years. Apparently, it was only guaranteed up to a certain point, and the pipe that failed was just beyond where they had priorly guaranteed. I feel this is fraud or something. Taking advantage of an old lady stuck between a rock and a hard place and charging a flat fee of 12 THOUSAND dollars to dig a whole and fix a pipe. Is there anything we can do?  You would have to prove fraud or breach of the existing deal. That they sold you a bill of goods that they failed to deliver or never intended to deliver. As for invoicing, that is really shaken ground. A company decides what things costs and how to break that down (managerial accounting). Many costs to companies are never listed on invoices (travel costs, phone lines, lawyer costs to write the contract, executive pay), but you better believe that all that cost is rolled into the price you paid. Just because they didn’t list “permit $x” does not mean the cost of that permit isn’t rolled into the service fee.  What i'm saying is they took advantage of an old lady (i wouldnt want to argue that she's senile but i could see how somebody could) who hardly speaks their language and quoted a high price that she was in no position to negotiate. The costs on the invoice dont exactly match the description of work to do on the contract she signed. It's clear that they named a high ballpark price and then went in to justify it. For example, the contract she signed said that it includes "permitting" but that does not appear on the invoice. When confronted on the phone about this, they said the permitting is not passed on to the customer for invoicing. But then why was it included as a justification for the cost to my mother. Conversation like "ma'am we've even got to have permits this is expensive stuff." I could argue discrepencies between what they quoted and what was invoiced, although the value was the same. Arent there any laws that protect the consumer from this type of predatory tactic? Would getting a second opinion from another company be of any use? Is threatening litigation something that might get them to renegotiate after the fact? There are other examples of similar situations told by others on google reviews.  Not getting a good deal or true value is not a reason to do anything from a legal sense. Live and learn to shop around. Now if you think they intentionally installed faulty material or rigged the lines to bust after a certain date that’s one thing, but there does not seem to be any evidence of that. The other venue is price gouging but the criteria for that is not met unless there is some major sewage catastrophe going on in CA.  Did she call another plumber after getting a quote for $12k? If she agreed to pay a certain price for the work, and they performed the work, she'll likely have to pay.