 I’m not sure if my pictures include too much info for this sub, so please let me know if they do. I posted a few weeks ago about getting a parking ticket for parking over 2 hours in an area that I feel is not two hour parking. The general gist of the comments were that the ticket was written properly based on my description of the area. Since then, I have found a parking guide for the city and by overlaying it onto a map of the city it shows that the spaces where the ticket was written are not inside the two hour parking zone. With this, I am fairly confident that I will have it thrown out, but I wanted someone to look at what I have since this will be my first time doing anything court related. I plan to have these pictures printed out and will bring a printed copy of the parking guide available from city hall. Please let me know if there are additional documents that I should bring with me or if any of this is unclear. Thank you! Link to pictures: (I know the due date on the ticket says 1/29. That is not valid since I am contesting it)  Congrats! We love updates here. Traffic court is very different then normal court and you never know how they will rule. I'm happy you got the outcome you wanted. Cheers Got it dismissed because if the map being wrong. Apparently I’m the first person to bring that up and the parking enforcement person said they need to fix it, but for now I’m in the clear.  Yep. I’m mostly fighting it on principle since it’s right in front of my house and the signage isn’t exactly clear. My landlords have lived here for years and weren’t ever ticketed and my wife and I hadn’t been in the year we’ve been here. Obviously I won’t tell the court we park there regularly. I also found in the parking regulations that you can’t be parked in any of the city parking for more than 5 days. I was there for 7 while we were traveling for Christmas, which may have drawn the attention, but that’s not what they wrote the ticket for.  That's what I thought. Posted signs are almost always going to over-ride any "parking guides" or books. Generally speaking, parking signs are assumed to be for the entire block unless otherwise stated. I don't like your chances here, but good luck. I get that you are looking for help to fight this, but you've basically have everything you can get. What people don't realize is that traffic court is a totally different beast than regular court. Cases are usually heard in minutes, so you only need a few key pieces of your own evidence. You will not be given 15 minutes to show everything you have. Bring the parking guide, bring your photos. Ask the judge for leniency. IMO, they had enough to ticket you for what they did. Once again, posted signs overrule parking guides as not everyone has access to parking guides. Anyone that is driving should be able to read the posted sign.  Yes there is a sign, but it is not directly above the parking area I was in. I’m afraid that may be how they hold it up if they do (claim the parking signs overrule the parking guide). I haven’t been able to find anything regarding the posting requirements, but it is posted on that block. The sign can be seen above the black suv in the last picture if you can zoom well and the orange line ends at the driveway. There is a driveway that breaks the curb between that sign and my parking spot. There is also a driveway breaking the curb across the street and that break shows up in the parking guide map so hopefully I can use that to say that the parking restrictions don’t carry past the driveways.  Is there any signage on that street with regards to parking? Parking regulations are usually municipal, so it's going to be very hard for anyone here to know exactly what is required of your city when it comes to posting signage for parking. With that being said, you seem to have a pretty good argument (assuming there isn't any signs). Let us know how it turns out. 