 She has always been an anti-vaxxer and it has always been a point of contention between us. Despite so many discussions, arguments and trading medical articles back forth, she STILL won't even compromise and allow our son to get even one vaccination. We've been divorced for more than a year now. It was actually quite a peaceful and civil process. It's important to note that SHE has custody over medical care, in exchange for me having custody over education decisions (because she was adamant about keeping him from school - even home school, but that's a different conversation). Wielding this control over his medical care, I don't think I can compel her to get him the MMR. Am I wrong? I wrote her a formal email the other day. I first indicated that it is only because of her beliefs that he has never been vaccinated. I also indicated that in light of the measles outbreak a two hundred miles from us, I would like her to reconsider at least the MMR vaccine for him. I also expressed how opposed I would be to him traveling with her to Portland/Vancouver - and any other areas that may be affected during this outbreak, like she often does. She hasn't written me back and I don't expect she will, but I at least have clearly put the ball in her court. I wrote it with the possibility of a future arbitration or mediation in mind. What are my options here? I bet I'll have more legal actions to take IF he gets measles, but I'd love to know how I can force her to allow him to get AT LEAST the MMR vaccine to prevent it. I'm in Oregon btw. I created a new account for this post because she is also a Redditor and (unfortunately) knows my usual Reddit handle. Thank you all so much in advance! From the rules Wiki: Suggesting OP violate a legal custody agreement would break this rule. As other have suggested modifying the agreement in court would be the best bet. OP can use their ex's refusal to provide basic preventative medical care to their child as evidence that the agreement should be amended. On the other hand if OP goes behind their ex's back and is caught that can be used as evidence against him to get the custody agreement amended in his ex's favor. It might also put him at risk of being held in contempt. So safe to say that would not be good advice.  Ahhh.. well a dead kid is, too. But i see where you are coming from...  From the OP: Violating a court-imposed custody order is really, really bad. You only need one parents concent to vaccinate. You can take him yourself to the clinic to get an MMR innoculation. Your wife doesn't need to know. Ah, but consider its strange relevance...intentionally preventing vaccination in such a wide group of children based on false science has caused a measles outbreak; killing so many cats based on superstition may have been one of the factors that allowed rat populations to surge and spread the Black Death. !!!  . Any suggestion that the "just do it behind her back" I was going to comment this and am curious, why?  You will likely need to either go to mediation or reopen the custody agreement During the argument, you actually might be able to find a “loophole” through the fact that you have power over education decisions. A lot of public schools require that a child have vaccinations, unless parents opt out due to religious reasons, so if she’s an anti-Vaxxer for religious reasons, ignore me. While you can’t force her to vaccinate him for the sake of the vaccination, you could argue to the judge that her choice not to vaccinate is affecting your ability to choose what you believe is the best education plan for your son. This does, however, require you send your son to a school that needs him to have vaccinations.  IANAL but I would assume child endangerment will effect custody rights. It might be worth talking to a lawyer about this. Vaccines are provably safe, effective and more importantly, don't have the same kind of side effects that catching measles does. Not legal advice but maybe worth explaining how measles is a hideous disease and runs about a 1 in 20 chance of developing into pneumonia, which for small children can be extremely serious. It also runs the risk of serious nerve or brain damage (1 in 500 or so, I think) due to the extreme fever and additionally the brain swelling which can occur. ^((I curse the day andrew wakefield released his "evidence" to the world due to the number of children it's directly killed, the man is a murderer and personally I think should be tried as such.)) Try to get a lawyer that at least has some interest medical things. Measles are too often described as a harmless virus, both your wife and the judge should know that it can cause otitis (ear infection, very painful), larynchotracheitis (croup, if the infection is severe your child cannot breath and will have to be intubated to breath), pneumonia (don't underestimate this, pneumonia is no walk in the park), encefalitis (brain infection, if this happens your child will be severely handicapped for life if they even survive it). Measles has a ''bonus'' later in life, not everyone gets it but those who do won't survive it. Subacute sclerosing panencephalitis, first mood swings, fever and a headache. Then seizures, loss of vision and dementia. Afterwards more extreme seizures and then the brain ''forgets'' how to breath, which results in death. This complication occurs later in life, somewhere between 6-18 in your case. There is no cure and your child will be smart enough at that age to realize what is going on. How is your wife going to explain that to her child? Again, make both the judge and your wife realize that measles is a deadly disease! For starters, do NOT violate your current court order. You need a lawyer, get one and tell them you want to mandate all vaccinations and split decisions for medical and school 50/50 and let the lawyer go from there. This will get ugly but you need to work fast.  As much as I want to help LocationBot get karma, I can't bring myself to like this cat fact. Step one, get a lawyer. Step two, do what the lawyer tells you is the best option. Don't tell her what you are doing, unless the lawyer tells you to do so. Good luck. I believe you would need to sue for the right to have the right to vaccinate. It could be costly, but you could bring a lawsuit against your ex-wife. The harshest way would be suing for complete custody and having it done that way. I believe you still want your ex-wife to have custody, your best bet is to get a court order requesting for you to have authority over medical decisions. Also, if your son does contract a medical illness if you and your ex-wife split costs. The hospital bills could be costly if your wife has control over all medical decisions. Seek out an attorney.  Report her to CPS for medical neglect. Talk to a lawyer and see if her not providing this care violates your custody agreement... Sorry OP you’re going to have to take this back to court and renegotiate the parenting plan.  Sarcasm isn’t helpful here. Legally if she has medical authority he needs to have it redone in court.  IANYL. First of all, I am sorry that you are dealing with this situation. I hope you and your son are otherwise okay. As others have mentioned, you would need to go back to family court and have the arrangements modified. Do not break the current agreement. That would be super bad. Because it has been declared a state health emergency, you may look at expiditing the process, but I am not sure what that might entail in your state. This is something that you may wish to discuss with your lawyer. Which brings me to the final point; Get a lawyer. Yes you should get one. If you are adament about this problem, then you must have the right tools for the job. In this case, a lawyer is the right tool.  Don't be so melodramatic. Not being vaccinated only has a tiny chance of causing death.  Get him vaccinated, just don't tell her. You did cut a deal with her. So, like you say, choose your battles carefully. Don’t go outside the court agreement. Measles are concerning, IIRC about 400-500 died in US before early sixties with most everyone getting it. But your job is to protect him until adulthood. There are a lot more things coming his way, so you’re playing the long game.  "Now he's trying to have his cake and eat it too." That's certainly one way to put it. I see it as a dad trying to prevent his son from getting the measles and wondering what options there are. He's gotten the flu already despite the availability of a flu shot, but I like to choose my battles. Lol so what I posted is illegal and violent? Arguing that a child with the potential to get sick in an outbreak area can’t get an education IF they become sick isn’t violent or illegal. Super good mod job 👍🏼  There's a hole left in this agreement: How is OP going to get his kid into school without vaccinations? He could file an exemption but I doubt that's his responsibility unless the order is so worded. So what trumps what? Is it OP's requirement to go against his own educational decisions to get the exemption to appease the ex's medical opinions, or is it the ex's inaction that's preventing him from making educational decisions? May be a question for the court or a lawyer. Your post has been removed for the following reason(s): Bad or Illegal Advice Your post has been removed for offering poor legal advice. It is either an incorrect statement or conclusion of law, inapplicable for the jurisdiction under discussion, misunderstands the fundamental legal question, or is advice to commit an unlawful act. Please review the following rules before commenting further: [General Rule 8]() [Commenting Rules 1]() and [3]() [Reddit Violent Content Rule]() Please [read our subreddit rules](). If after doing so, you believe this was in error, or you’ve edited your post to comply with the rules, [message the moderators](=%2Fr%2FLegalAdvice). Do not reach out to a moderator personally, and do not reply to this message as a comment. This thread will be strictly moderated. Any suggestion that the "just do it behind her back" or personal opinions will be met with immediate bans.  Your post has been removed for the following reason(s): Bad or Illegal Advice Your post has been removed for offering poor legal advice. It is either an incorrect statement or conclusion of law, inapplicable for the jurisdiction under discussion, misunderstands the fundamental legal question, or is advice to commit an unlawful act. Please review the following rules before commenting further: [General Rule 8]() [Commenting Rules 1]() and [3]() [Reddit Violent Content Rule]() Please [read our subreddit rules](). If after doing so, you believe this was in error, or you’ve edited your post to comply with the rules, [message the moderators](=%2Fr%2FLegalAdvice). Do not reach out to a moderator personally, and do not reply to this message as a comment. Your post has been removed for the following reason(s): Generally Unhelpful or Off-Topic Your comment has been removed as it is generally unhelpful or off-topic. It either does not answer the legal question at hand or it is a repeat of an answer already provided Please review the following rules before commenting further: [Commenting Rules 1](), [2](), [3](), [4](), [6](), [8](), and [9](). Please [read our subreddit rules](). If after doing so, you believe this was in error, or you’ve edited your post to comply with the rules, [message the moderators](=%2Fr%2FLegalAdvice). Do not reach out to a moderator personally, and do not reply to this message as a comment. Your post has been removed for the following reason(s): Generally Unhelpful or Off-Topic Your comment has been removed as it is generally unhelpful or off-topic. It either does not answer the legal question at hand or it is a repeat of an answer already provided Please review the following rules before commenting further: [Commenting Rules 1](), [2](), [3](), [4](), [6](), [8](), and [9](). Please [read our subreddit rules](). If after doing so, you believe this was in error, or you’ve edited your post to comply with the rules, [message the moderators](=%2Fr%2FLegalAdvice). Do not reach out to a moderator personally, and do not reply to this message as a comment. OP could probably argue that his ex is violating his ability to give the child any education IF the child gets sick. Being healthy is inextricably linked to being able to become educated. Would be something to keep in the back pocket. That’s just a thought and would need to backed up by a statute or case law. Somewhere to start I suppose.   't think I can compel her to get him the MMR. Am I wrong? Your understanding seems correct to me. Then, when she fails to have him educated, you complain to CPS that she's in violation of the Oregon Compulsory Education Act.  You can give that advice if you would like to, he didn't think he had any legal grounds to stand on and I was just pointing out that he does Right, so say "file with the court to modify the order" rather than a bunch of mumbo-jumbo that you think sounds fancy. Every court order can be overturned, especially when it involves children so if you're telling a court is going to rule in favor of the mother even though the outbreak of measles is in their area, then I wanna know what world you live so I can meet some unicorns  Forget which account you were on? Thank you! I thought so too :P  Great legal advice.  You used a lot of legal words but didn't say anything real.   Clearly. You're advocating OP knowingly violate a court order, which could expose him to a contempt action. Batshit insane as the mother may be, OP bargained away his right to make decisions regarding the child's medical care so he could make educational decisions. Now he's trying to have his cake and eat it too. 't need both parents consent to provide medical care He needs the mother's consent per their divorce judgment. Personally, I’d be arguing again over the vaccines. I’d also consider taking him into the clinic to get them started when he is visiting you. Note it is fairly easy to prove educational neglect, which is usually a crime. Ex-wife  From a legal perspective, parents reserve the right to choose to NOT vaccinate their children, there isn't much legal ground for you to stand on unless your kid gets the measles and infects someone else's child...maybe I shouldn't be saying this but she's your wife, if you need to take her to court to get her thinking straight then you two have some problems. Best of luck still Get him vaccinated and dont tell her about it I am not a lawyer, but what she doesn't know she doesn't know. Take him to an appointment without her and have him get the shot. Tell her in twenty years. You don't need both parents consent to provide medical care.