 Hello! I'm a later years teenage girl (still a minor) located in Minnesota (our laws are a bit stricter than most states), and I was wondering what would happen If I reported what happened yesterday, and what part of it (if any) would be considered child abuse. I did end up calling the police or at least signaling them to our house (the line was being kept on busy), but I played off what happened cause I realized I didn't exactly want anyone to end up in jail. I may make a post in r/relationships or something since I know this is a legal stuff only sub. Basically, my father got upset at me for not apologizing to him for the right thing (which he wouldn't tell me what it was) and took my phone and computer (which I needed to do homework) (I know that isn't illegal) and ending up cornering me in an area of the room. I was trying to walk out of this area, and he kept saying "she's pushing up against me" which I was not, and he was not letting me escape. I was standing in front of him, with over half a foot in between us, not in his face, not touching him at all, and he shoved me fairly roughly into the window bench, and I ended up on the ground. I say fairly roughly because he wasn't trying to kill me, but he appeared to be trying to hurt or at least terrify me. I was understandably panicked and he was obviously not in his right mind. He continued to trap me in this area until he turned away and I ran up to my room. Other highlights of my snow day that I'm worried about the legality include \-I wanted to go downstairs and he said that if I so much as took half a step down the stairs he would throw me back up them. He said he would hurt me so badly I'd never be able to walk again. I repeated I wanted to go downstairs (he was blocking me on the stairs) and he asked me if I wanted to be crawling for the rest of my life? \-This is more on an emotional level but he said he didn't want me to be a part of this family, that he could fix (me being a part of this family) within a week, and that my younger brother was so much smarter than me that I should take lessons from him. For context, the thing I did wrong was have my computer on the couch, and couldn't apologize for the right thing. \-He tried to drag me to my room (according to the police officer, that is legal) and when I resisted, he decided he was going to hold me down in one spot for a while. He was holding my wrist at a weird angle and I said "you're going to break my wrist" and he replied "yes I am". I feel it's important to note that I was never aggressive during this whole encounter, only terrified. \- I assume this is legal but idk. He ripped the glasses of my face, and only returned them in the presence of the officer, he pulled off my jacket, and tried to take off my shoes, so I couldn't go outside (it was like -30). \-He repeatedly refused to call my mother or to give me a phone, and hid all the phones. I finally made it down to the house phone (thank god we have a landline) and he kept it on busy so I couldn't call my mother, I tried to call 911 (which I think I was well within my rights to do) whilst the phone was on busy and apparently it still sent a signal cause the police showed up. I also have a younger brother that my dad is perfectly normal towards. In the end, I'm just sore, with bruised hands and a slightly injured pinky. I know I should just move on, but I can't get this off my mind. If anything like this happens again I am probably going to tell the police (or someone) the whole story, and I need to know what would happen afterwards. To be honest, I'm still in shock.  I’m a mandatory reporter. Depending on the severity of the issue, the report can go to the police, or can go to the DCF/CPS, or both, or one can notify the other.  Some of this sounds like (depending on details of your state laws) it could be considered corporal punishment which could be legal, while some of it could be incidents of child physical or emotional abuse. However, it’s not your job to decide whether this was child abuse or illegal or what. Your job is to do what you need to do to keep yourself safe. One way to go about this, is to report to a teacher or counselor at your school. They can then report it to the DCF (Department of Children and Families) or CPS (Child Protective Services). They will send someone (most likely not a cop) to talk with your entire family and see what happened, and then they’ll help provide more guidance about how to make the situation better for everyone. One thing worth pointing out, teachers and counselors are mandatory reporters - this means if they suspect child abuse, they have to report it. So they can’t keep any secrets you tell them about this, even if you ask them to keep it secret. Best of luck!  If you tell your story to a teacher, medical professional, or other "mandatory reporter", they will be required to notify police. Alternatively, you can notify the police yourself and they will investigate.