 This might be a really naive question bring on the disgust from lawyers of higher moral character. Yet what if in the course of a quickie bench trial, your court appointed lawyer, just does not give a flip about you and says so to you in privet, before hand ? What if the lack of effort leads directly to the loss of your case ? Do you have appeal recourse ? It is misdemeanor, but it life changing due to taking away gun rights, even though self defense, and no gun used. I repair guns and make money for modest income supplementation.  You’re welcome. Even if you weren’t squeaky clean, the legal system is complicated and full of nuances. If you don’t deal with it every day it can be like a foreign language (and even sometimes when you do deal with it regularly ha). Keep your cool in court like you have in this post, speak your piece, and you’ll get farther than if you tried to go in guns blazing. I wish you luck in making it through to the other side.  Actually....Thank you for your answer, and professionalism, and humanity. The reason I sound so naive, as I have been squeakily clean legal wise for 50 + years, and make the mistake of marring someone who misrepresented themselves as being sane. ( bipolar mania ) Hence the soon pending divorce after 10 years of trying. I understand your frustration and you’re probably not going to like my answer, but based on the little you’ve told me, it’s going to be tough to get a new lawyer; however you definitely should voice your concerns to the judge and not remain quiet if you want to have any chance at an ineffective counsel appeal later (if you lose your case). I’ve seen time and time again appeals get denied because defendants never objected to issues or brought up any complaints prior to conviction. You must protest early and often. You might luck out and get a new lawyer. You might actually win your case. Or you might just preserve your appeal rights effectively.  Not to keep bothering you, the issue I had was the utter lack of concern at the arraignment, and general rudeness, because I was not a paying client, personally. Actually told me ( yes it is a DV case ) "we" where wasting county resources, and there was a bit of a grudge about with the law enforcement. Wife as mental issues, and divorce takes place just before this case happens. Lawyer even told me I should had kept allowing her to stealing my prescription drug an act that led to her hurting me , then both got locked up for a few days. Hard to prove self defense with no other witnesses. But since I am the 'guy', I must be the bad one. Only in America. You pay money to get out of jail, even if someone attacks you.  Oh so you haven’t even had the trial yet. If your attorney was appointed by the court, you can attempt to “fire” your attorney and motion for a new one. Typically, you would have a hearing before the judge to explain why you are unhappy with your counsel. Counsel would have an opportunity to respond. If the judge thinks the complaint is valid and could seriously affect the outcome of your case to the level of ineffective assistance of counsel, they can remove the attorney and appoint a new one. I’ve seen these requests go both ways so it’s not a slam dunk. Of course you could also fire your attorney at any time and hire your own. Bench trials are generally pretty short but not traffic ticket short. Especially since this sounds like it may be a DV case. There would be potentially more than one witness. And no, I’m not a lawyer haha. I just work in the courts and have to do a lot of legal research.  I was sitting here in extreme paranoia hoping you are not the actual attorney !....LOL I all ready not guilty at the arraignment. In a related posting, I was also asking if this type 'bench trial' is a quick 2 minute thing, like a traffic ticket ? The reason for the line of questioning is the lack of concern, and bad advice the lawyer has already given in person for about 5 min., and on the phone for another 5. Trial is next mo.  You can potentially file an ineffective assistance of counsel motion to vacate your conviction and request a new trial. If you plead guilty, this could be more complicated. 