  (Tucson,Arizona, accident in Phoenix,Arizona) So today I got a call from Thomas George Associates about a recent file opened against me. I got into a car accident last May. No one was hurt, my roommate was in the passenger side and got a slight cut. Other person was completely fine. Sadly, I was uninsured thanks to a Geico glitch telling me I was insured but actually wasnt. Other person filed a claim for property damage, so I payed a property damage settlement of $2700 last September. But now he is coming after me for bodily injury for $100k. This doesnt add up since he was walking and talking just fine immediately after the accident. I dont know what to do about this since I'm pretty sure 100k is way too much for any car related incident, and I shouldn't be having to pay this. I'm in college, and really can't afford this. Also, I feel like there is something fishy about this. Is there any way I can fight against it?  Its theoretically possible but very unlikely from what you observed. A case that highly valued would require that you caused a very serious injury. If all they have is soft tissue injuries (neck/back strain/sprains), the value of their case is probably less than $10,000 overall depending on the amount of treatment, how reasonable it was, and if any of it could be attributed to pre-existing injuries or degenerative conditions. It's their burden to prove. I wouldn't recommend going to the negotiating table until they produce a breakdown of what the injuries were and the treatment received. Another possibility for the $100k claim might be the procedural rules for a petition. I don't know AZ but in TX you have to plead the damages range with the lowest range being 100k or less. In other words I may only have a 15k case but I don't say that in my pleadings I put "100k or less." They have to prove why they deserve 100k worth of damages. Fight it.  That makes sense. Honestly I can handle a payment plan if I cant do anything else (other offer was a settlement of 50k as a lump sum), since they proposed 200 per month after a 5k downpayment, but I don't have or can afford that down payment. So honestly if I can at least negotiate that 5k down, I can do the payment plan. Is it even possible that a bodily injuries could end up costing 100k? If so, I would honestly put more blame on the US healthcare system haha You can refuse their demand and force them to litigate the matter in civil court. If there is a verdict made against you, you will be responsible for paying it, and if not, they will get nothing. You will probably need to hire a defense attorney and pay them by the hour. Defending a civil case through trial will probably cost you thousands (or tens of thousands) in legal fees. Otherwise, you can negotiate a settlement for a mutually acceptable amount. By the way, opening demands from attorneys are often vastly overvalued because they expect negotiation and it gives them the ability to move the value down and induce you to move your offer up. Also, some injury does not manifest itself as pain until hours or days following an accident.