 Please bear with me, I am just finding out about this now and trying to figure out how deep the damage goes to hopefully help him do the right thing and get this settled..... but it is all confusing to me as I personally have never dealt with anything like this. Here's what I know: In 2013 he cosigned on a vehicle for his friend, they had a falling out, and sometime after the friend crashed the vehicle and stopped paying. The financial company for the loan went after my boyfriend and have been sending bills... I'm not sure how many payments he made, but in 2016 they sent a 1099-C form to him stating that the debt was discharged. The identifiable event code says "G- decision or policy to discontinue collection", the form says cancellation of debt. He didn't do anything with the form, to my knowledge-- it's sat here since it was mailed to him and I'm staring at it currently. However, from that time until now, they've been sending the same bills requesting collection. The principal balance is the same as the amount that this form says was discharged, but now he owes almost twice that amount total due to the interest that has been accruing. When he reaches out to the company that counts as acknowledging the debt, right? Which could be bad if he doesn't owe anything? I want to figure out what his options are and what agreement he should be aiming to reach with the company before I encourage him to make the call. Additionally, how does this factor in with the IRS? I don't know if he claimed it or not (I would assume not?), is there something he needs to do to notify them in this whole process? Does he have the pay the interest but not the discharged amount, the total amount in full, or nothing at all? Please help.  The 1099-C is not in itself a discharge of the debt, but it does trigger a reporting situation for your BF, as though the debt had been discharged. If he did report cancellation of debt income for 2016, he has a legitimate gripe with the lender, but unless the statute has run out on the debt they could still collect. He could "reach out" to the issuer without "acknowledging" the debt, he just has to be careful what he says. Everything should be phrased in terms of "if I did," or "supposing I did," with the occasional repetition of "to be clear, I am not acknowleding I did," etc. Probably it would be better to do the whole thing in writing rather than by phone. Also-- he pulled a credit report in early 2018 and the account is shown on it, but all the months show "charge off" status and it says the account status is closed. Does that mean it is not hitting his credit negatively anymore? However, it does show that there was "delinquency" reported in 2017, and has the an amount listed under "balance" and "past due" (both numbers are the same)?  posting from a duplicate throwaway bc I don't have the password saved on this device for the OP account. The original creditor is the one sending the notices-- theres no collection agency involved as far as I can tell, the same company the original loan was from is the one on all the bills and the 1099-c.  the original creditor Is it the original creditor sending these notices? or an assignee/ collection agency?