 So over years ago I was a heavy drug user and every few days I'd go and get thr drugs I needed with a busy who always went with me. One of those fateful days that happened near half a decade ago I was asked to call the guy back with an update pertaining to how good of quality the stuff he sold me was. Well, turns out my friend overdosed and had to be revived by ambulance. I called back with what was bad news to me but I guess good news to him. We both got sober after that incident and are both drug free to this very day. Turns out that phone call was wire tapped and a year later i got a knock on my door and we both got a subpoena to testify in court. At the time i wasn't that smart and was threatened to be arrested so I basically told them what they already knew. We were called down to a courthouse and had to tell the story to what wasn't even really what I imagine a court room to look like it was just a room full of jurors. I don't even know what the dealer looked like he always sent his goons to sell the shit. That was years ago and ever since I've always been fearful and looking over my shoulder every so often. Well.. turns out it went to trial as I got another knock on my door today to testify in this huge Rico case. I looked up the guys name and scrolled through article after article of this huge gang who's murdered well over 20 people and is a huge gang in the city next to mine. I called the detective and told him I couldn't do it because I fear for my own safety and told him his goons used to snap pictures of my license plate ) and it's not one defendant it's a ton of co defendants and the detective said "well, if you dont you're going to jail and will be held there until trial and you wouldn't be much safer there now would ya?' I dont think theres any way out of this and I keep reading about how those who plead guilty haven't gotten past 10 years and I could easily get killed. I dont know the penalties of lying under oath. It's a public trial so I assume the gang members family will be there.. hearing my name.. and we all know it isn't hard to track people down these days. He tried to assure me were a tiny fraction among other witnesses and a very small part of the case. I even asked if this will make me eligible for concealed carry of a weapon and he said no. So what so I so ? If you dont see me post by 20/20 I'm probably dead ( that's kinda over dramatic.. but is it really? I honestly dont know) What do I do. What should I expect. exactly what would be charging you with? there is nothing illegal about what you did, you weren't caught with drugs and your friend was successfully revived. Even if they could drag something up the statue of limitations has surely passed. cops lie to get outcomes they want, saying you are going to be charged for acquiring drugs 4-5 years ago that you were never caught with is quite a case of fiction.  Thank you so much for this post you seem very knowledgeable and you pretty much said what I truly wanted to hear. If you dont mind I made a pretty long response post with other questions such as -what if I went to extents such as dying my hair and changing my appearance. Also, thanks for congratulating me.. it's extremely traumatic to watch someone overdose and let's just say I was scared straight.   That is not usually a part of this subreddit's heroin stories. Congratulations. You were testifying in a Federal "grand jury" investigation, and your testimony was part of a large amount of information they considered while deciding who and how to indict people for various crimes. 's murdered well over 20 people In the USA, virtually all persons murdered by drug gangs are gangsters. 're going to jail and will be held there until trial Subpoenas are not requests; they are orders. Failure to obey could get you held for contempt of court. It is very uncommon, but not impossible, to jail a witness who indicates their refusal to appear. 't know the penalties of lying under oath. In your case, it's a Federal felony with a maximum penalty of five years. First time offenders serve zero to six months. Consult with a criminal defense attorney who practices in Federal court, but in general it is your obligation to testify. The risk to you is very low. If you're not part of gang life, you aren't at high risk. Well me and my friend are extremely close and I'm the one with no children and can easily walk away but he's tied down with a family and his situation is extremely complicated so picking up and leaving town would be extremely hard. That's why, I'm not gonna lie, this situation seems extremely fucked up and they dont seem to care what happens to us and are hanging jail over our heads like fishing bait. I can understand if I was involved directly in this case and was breaking the law jail should get held over but we simply only just broke the law by using the drugs. No other law was broken. I might try contacting an attorney I make minimum wage so i dont know how I'll do that. I wish I could just leave town right now and live elsewhere in 2 years and get arrested for not showing up in 2 years but my friend cant do that because he has children. I feel like the fact that they need us in court points to that none of the co defendants have snitched on each other which is not good for us. It means that they're tight knit most likely. I'm trying to find information on how often witnesses get killed after they testify. It would make more sense for us to be whacked before hand so I'm looking over my shoulder cause I have very little legal knowledge on how anonymous I am. For all I know my name might be on a paper that they could obtain. Were trying to think of every angle we might be able to come out winners for example bleaching our hair, wearing glasses, how were gonna get to and from the court room without being followed. I have a lot of questions for the detective that I'll be asking him soon enough.  Yeah I've heard its pretty expensive to do that  Maybe you are I. Alot of danger if you testify. Where have you always dreamed of living, starting over? Seriously. Or maybe you can forget alot of things. Seriously. I have no idea what they can or will offer in terms of a protection plan.  They mentioned that.. but do you mean like Henry hill style witness protection where my name is changed and I move to Nebraska and disconnect from my family? That sounds less than ideal but idk.. I dont know if there are other forms of witness protection so I'm curious and I'm not trying to sound sarcastic  If the police or feds took the time to make a RICO case, complete with wiretaps, your testimony is indeed probably relatively inconsequential compared to the other evidence. If you disobey the subpoena, you can be arrested and put in jail until you decide to comply. You can also be charged with criminal contempt, which is a misdemeanor when it's a federal subpoena. You can consult a lawyer, but you're honestly probably not in a lot of danger by testifying.  You should ask what they can offer you in terms of witness protection in exchange for your cooperation.  I don’t if this will help, but try consulting with a few lawyers and see if they have any ideas to keep you from having to testify. 