 Throwaway account because I want to make sure neither myself nor my friend are clearly identifiable for his privacy. Please do not upvote this because it is relatively sensitive and I would prefer my friend, who is a Reddit user, to not see this post make it anywhere where a lot of people can see it. My friend is currently on probation in the state of North Carolina and is required to take urine sample drug tests as a part of his probation. Due to the situation which caused him to be placed on probation, he is struggling with pretty bad PTSD. His psychiatrist has diagnosed him with this, and he is on prescribed medication to help deal with his PTSD so there is clear evidence that this is a real issue he is struggling with. A police officer is required to be in the bathroom while the urine sample is being provided, but this acts as a trigger for my friend so he is not able to actually give a sample while the officer is present. He has already had to leave the office multiple times for not being able to provide a sample, and has been told that if he cannot provide a sample at his next test he will have violated his probation. He has asked for alternative tests, mainly a blood test, but has been told that is not an option. Is there anything my friend can do or ask for in order to ensure a sample in some form is provided for a test. To be clear I am not asking for any advice on how to illegally pass the test, he's 100% clean, I just want to help him find a way to be able to be accommodated in some way. I wonder if the court would accept a blood draw as an alternative.  It’s not just a shy bladder, though. This is PTSD triggering. Totally different ball field. mouth swabs aren't reliable  I think your friend should contact an attorney and have him/her right a request to the local probation department. The request can say your friend will do hair testing at his own expense whenever the dept wants to randomly test him. Hair is more sensitive and you can't beat it, so they may be willing to do that if your friend is paying for it (it's pricey).  Mouth swab tests are available too It is my understanding that a blood test is more accurate in that it can even tell exact concentrations of drugs in the system. You may be referring to the fact that timelines for detection of most drugs last longer in the urine. In my case, they were mostly interested in weed which stays in both the blood and urine for weeks so its not much different. However, by picking up (and consuming) Certo (found in most grocery stores) I can (and have) taken urine tests stoned and pass easily. There are many ways to pass a urine test. In not sure the same can be said of a blood test  What about a hair test? Those are more expensive though so they probably wouldn't go for it. Unlikely to work, judge would have to sign off on it, but I doubt they have many alternate means of testing. Mouth swabs aren't widely used due to being less accurate and more costly. Interesting. Not my experience. Worth a try then. Urine is more accurate than blood for drugs.  I mean, I am a probation officer and have let people do it. But I guess some might take issue with it. NAL but worked in urology and had a patient come in with this exact issue. He came in essentially asking for a doctor’s note requiring alternate drug testing for probation. Not sure if it worked, but may be worth a try?  Sitting down is likely not an option for a supervised probation test. I had this exact issue when I was on probation 15 years ago in Virginia. In fact my anxiety was so bad that I was willing to falsely sign something saying I had taken drugs rather than go through someone watching me pee (my PO said I got one mess up with out repercussions which is why I did this). I was upfront that I was only signing to avoid peeing. Immediately after that meeting I went to a medical facility and had blood drawn and tested. Based on my research, blood is a better indicator of drug usage than urine. it's just more expensive and takes longer. I paid for the tests myself and explained at a follow up visit what i had done and had results shared. This satisfied my PO. I imagine a lot of how things turn out will depend on his PO.  I'm not sure how helpful this will be but I suggest googling "Paruresis and Probation." Paruresis is also known as "shy bladder." Your friend may nor may not have issues that would medically be classified as paruresis or a diagnosis that could cause paruresis but this is common enough that NC may have procedures for drug testing those afflicted with it. Perhaps this document would be helpful, as it is a case in NC: [Probation Drug Testing: one case of undiagnosed paruresis](%20OSP%202242.doc) Perhaps your friend can provide a sample after stripping and searched then using the collection room with the door slightly open but the monitor standing outside, not inside with your friend, as the above case mentions. Generally no plans cares if you run a faucet if they're watching. It's when they're not in the room that you care. Never had to do a "Wiz Quiz" for probation but everytime I have for employment they specify you can't run the sink or fluxh the toilet until the sample collection is complete. I've even done medical samples where the collection room has the sink outside the door because it is used for legal drug tests also. My point being that running the sink may not be an option. Maybe ask the probation officer or judge is they can to a hair sample instead. Get a statement from the therapist to support the need. Mouth swab tests may be an option, NAL and not from your state.  Never worked in North Carolina, but blood tests are not a widely used option for drugs, really only good for alcohol. Urinalysis tests are standard, your friend will not likely get out of them, observing them is also standard, so that's unlikely to change too. So... Get comfortable with getting watched. I believe that in some situations where they drug test you, if your urine sample is too clear (from drinking too much water) they make you wait around for your urine to become more concentrated. I think this is because a lot of people will try to pass by diluting their urine by chugging water.  That's a good way to fail the test for dilution.. how about asking the officer to run the faucet? Always helps me.. I know it sounds like it isn't true but unfortunately it is. My buddy has tried that as well and he had to pee as soon as he stepped out of the building. Thanks though! He can chug a gallon of water and hold it so he is physically in pain and has to pee. That sounds like a bizarre and unbelievable story... just an FYI