 Hi all, Essentially me and my girlfriend were planning on moving out Feb 1st, a month earlier than when our lease ends on contract, March 1st. For some backstory, we live in a very old house-apartment where each floor is rented out. At the beginning of our lease, we had a landlord who had the place for a long time and was just making money off it and not really renovating at all anymore. Our rent was very cheap and so we agreed to a year lease for it. I should note though, because this past landlord was cool with my (now ex) girlfriends father, he was essentially just trying to hook her and up and because of that only her name was on the lease, not mine. Even though I was there since day one and paid half of the security deposit and such. So anyways, we get a new landlord who basically buys the whole place to renovate it and all of our old roommates basically have their rent raised because of it and are kicked out. I should not that the reason they were kicked out is because they weren’t actually on signed leases and were paying the old landlord through a sketchy like way where some of them owed the landlord money and others were paying really low rent because like I said, our old landlord was just renting out the place to make money on the side. Now, for the problem. Through this deal of moving out early our new landlord proposed he pay us our security deposit and an additional 600 dollars if we move out early (by Feb 1st) so he can renovate because apparently it costs less during the winter or something like that. Me and my girlfriend have had a very rocky relationship, it’s honestly toxic and there’s been times where we get in heated arguments and she yells at me and we threaten to break up with each other and all that shitty stuff. All that aside, she is now trying to take all the money for herself even though she knows I rightfully deserve half of it. She doesn’t want to give me ANY of it, that money being a total of 1400 dollars. Not only this but she’s threatening to call animal control because she wants to keep the bearded dragon I bought (with my credit card) for us. It’s becoming a game where she just wants to win, take everything she can for herself and screw me over in the process. I’m wondering if I HAVE to move out, as I’ve never signed anything or made any document agreement with the landlord. This whole situation kinda sounds sketchy and I’m wondering if I can play my cards and stay here for any longer / if it is my legal right to stay here for longer. I would appreciate anyone who can inform me on my rights as a tenant, as this whole situation is very unfair for me and she’s taking advantage of the fact that the lease was technically only under her name and so she’s getting every cent of that payment. This is just all very unfair and I’d like to fight back for my money in whatever way possible. Please, if someone could give me answers, I’m about 2 days away from the day she agreed with the landlord to take this payment in exchange for her moving out early. Thank you in advance! It was like a week or less from now that she told me she took the deal from the landlord. I honestly was not expecting it but was cool with it because I figured we’d use it to move in somewhere else. Now we’re breaking and you can see how this is going to go. I honestly can’t say I’m certain I have proof of me paying her for the security deposit. I got a new phone since and I think those texts would be on my old phone that I don’t have memory from. I do have me venmoing/cash apping her for paying rent multiple times but there wasn’t one that was a set amount of the exact security deposit. She kinda just used her own money and I paid her back by buying all the groceries and paying for her stuff here and there. So yeah, unfortunately that’s all I got.  When did the new LL notify her (and thru her, you) of this cash-for-keys early out offer? Did you pay in any of the security deposit (and do you have texts/cashed check etc proof)?