 Hi everyone, About a few months ago, I bought some shoes online off a shady website. I had prior transactions with this person, so I dropped $2k on some shoes. However, I discovered that in the prior transactions, the shoes were fake. I confronted him, and he stopped responding to me. However, I bought the shoes through credit card, so I disputed the payment. I recently won the dispute, but he shipped the shoes right after I won, and now is asking me to send the money back. This is about 2 months after I made the payment. I want to return the shoes, but he's not willing to pay for return shipping and I don't want to spend even more money on a scammer. He's now threatening to file a police report and sue me in small claims court if I don't give the dispute money back, and is saying he attempted suicide and will charge me for that too. I'm not too worried about the police report. I think he's bluffing on that, and even if he does do does file it, the police can't do much. However, I'm worried about small claims court. I made these transactions online, but the buyer has my ID and knows where I live. He's in Iowa and I'm in Pennsylvania. If he does file in small claims, what evidence can I use as defense? I know the shoes are fake, but it's really hard to prove that they are, and even harder to prove that I didn't swap them out myself. I do know that the FTC's mail, internet, or telephone order law requires a merchant to ship within 30 days or else they have to ask the customer for consent or provide a refund. I know he didn't contact me about it, but would this law protect me in small claims court? Also, what should I do about the shoes that he sent to me 2 months late? Thanks for reading! Thanks for the great advice! I believe I won the dispute because I never received the items. He shipped them after I won the dispute, and now I don't know what to do with the goods. He is likely blowing smoke. He is not going to sue you to get Counterfeit goods back. Tell him that you have made an IC3 report to the FBI and to the US Postal Inspectors for mail fraud and internet fraud based on the fact that the items are counterfeit. He broke the law!! Even though you were made whole by your CC company you should still absolutely file these reports: []() []() 