 I'll start with the overclaiming issue, as that was something I was already planning on bringing to this sub earlier this week. I officially found out I was terminated today, so I'm still processing that and will tell that story second. I work for a large national restaurant corporation at one of their concepts. I work in a state that pays tipped workers $2.13 an hour. Already, the apparent legality of this pay rate is sketchy to me, because I previously lived in California where tipped workers get paid the base minimum wage. But alas, here I am. I enjoyed being a server back home while I am still school and thought I would enjoy it here. At this restaurant, when I worked as a server as well as when I worked as a to-go person - in fact everyone in the restaurant besides back of house, hosts, bussers, bar - I made $2.13. Because of what I got taxed on my tips, I pretty much never saw a paycheck. Most customers don't realize the to-go staff isn't paid hourly and don't tip. I'd say we averaged 5% of our sales in tips. However, every night when I clocked out, the posi automatically made me claim 10% of "my" cash sales. It split all of the department's cash sales equally between however many workers there were. When adding this to the equally split up charge tips, I often had to claim an amount significantly higher than I took home. Often upwards of $80 more. The way our pay worked is that the closer would divide up the leftover remit in the drawer, based on the number of hours we worked, and leave it in envelopes to be picked up the following day. So let's say I worked 4 hours and someone else worked 8. We were still claiming the same amount on the posi, since it split it up equally. There was no way for us to know how much we made to claim correctly, if we were even given the option to by the posi, unless we were the closer. Sometimes morning shifts were very slow, and if you do not make what you would've made at $7.25 in a given week in tips, legally you are supposed to be given backpay to make up for that. Due to the overclaiming, this backpay isn't always paid. I approached my general manager about these issues early on when I got hired. In the first two months I worked there, I counted what I actually made in the paper book they keep on file and compared it to my online pay stubs. Already, they had made me overclaim nearly $300. At first, my GM said there was nothing they could do to remedy this. The computers were locked in like that and the 10% minimum cash tip claiming was in place to keep the servers from under claiming. Only when I sent an email to corporate (which was forwarded to the regional manager) vaguely threatening legal action did my GM finally say, “Actually, after every pay period, I can email payroll with what you actually made and they’ll adjust it on your stub.” This is what I've been doing ever since then. Technically, I am still overclaiming every day and only fixing it after the fact. They still refuse to change the posi so that we are able to directly enter what we made, or fix the way it incorrectly divides up tips. They do not inform new hires that they will be overclaiming. I make sure to tell them as soon as I meet them. Two people have quit after I told them. Management never offered to fix our records themselves. Not once. I have to prompt my GM every day that it is an issue. I sent an additional email to corporate/the regional manager about two months ago. The response was the same: nothing's changing. I would assume that this is illegal. It also occurred to me recently that them changing my records after the fact potentially erases the evidence that there was a discrepancy in the first place. The communication between payroll and my GM is not something I am cc'd on. What I do have is my first email to corporate and typed notes on my computer with the differences every week for the last year, of course before they changed the stubs. I know of one employee who has never had any of her stubs changed (why I don't know), so if I do need additional proof, if I am able to use hers, that could be an option. She said she would allow me to compare her discrepencies and possibly follow a suit, if there's one to be had. Now as for why I was terminated. This past Sunday, one of the assistant managers pulled me into the office and said that a customer called about my service that Thursday. This customer is claiming that I doctored her receipt and added a $4 tip for myself. I did not do this. I'm aware of how not fucking worth it credit card fraud is, especially not over $4. They showed me the receipt in question. The tip line is scribbled over, the $4 written off to the side, and the original amount written over to change the final amount. I have gotten receipts back like this before, when people do their math wrong, change their mind about their tip amount, etc. I thought nothing of it that night and didn't even recall what customer this could've been until Monday. But the fact that this person is claiming I wrote it, got her bank involved, has spoken to my AM, GM and RM, and the fact that the receipt is scribbled on does not bode well for me. If it's the woman I think it was, she and a party of four came in around close, stayed for an hour and a half, and had several drinks each. Like, four each. She does not have a duplicate receipt to bring in for proof. Sunday, the AM brought her call and the situation to my attention. I told him I did not and would not doctor a receipt, that they can check the security footage from the night as well. He told me "I'm going to back you up and I take the word of my employees over the customer's. But you have to go home until this is settled." My next shift was today. Nobody called me yesterday or Monday. In fact, I went to the restaurant around 9:30 PM last night to pick up my to-go tips from Sunday. That same AM let me into the office, we traded small talk, and things seemed normal. I figured that if I was still being investigated for the fraud, he wouldn't have let me in to get my tip share. So I arrive at work at 4 p.m. today, continue working until 6:30, and then my GM arrives (she has been on maternity leave for the last two months). She and the AM bring me into the office and she reiterates the situation, only now informing me that they are taking the customer's word over mine. I understand that the receipt looks written over. That is what she says she is basing her decision on. "There's no other reasonable explanation the final amount would be written over." But it's not my handwriting! I didn't offer to write something for them to compare because I doubt it would've made a difference today. I was also embarrassed. They really couldn't have called before I came in today? She told me at first that I am terminated as of today. I asked if they looked at the footage from that night. They said no. I asked if the customer brought in a duplicate receipt. They said no. I asked the AM why he told me that he would take his employee's word before the customer's. The GM answered for him. "Customer's word is always first." I asked if I was going to be reported/criminally charged. She said no. "It's only four dollars." I told them that I need this job right now (I kind of do, I just started going to back to school full time) and that if there is anything that can be done, any way that they can concretely prove that I did it since they will not take my word for it, to please to do it. My GM is now saying that I am on a one week suspension because she is going to look over 3 months worth of my past receipts to see if anything else "looks doctored." She says to call her next Wednesday morning and ask about her decision. I know it doesn't look good. But if they do decide to terminate me, do I have grounds for unlawful termination? If I don't, and the tip overclaiming was illegal, I at least would like to let someone know that this is a practice they regularly uphold. In retrospect, I am realizing I should not have put up with what I have for as long as I have. The fact they do not believe me here after close to a year and a half of hard work and honesty, says a lot about how little they have always trusted me, apparently. The fact that they are perfectly okay with allowing their entire to-go department to be taxed on hundreds of dollars a year that they do not make, and have made no real remedies to fix this, says a lot about how they operate as a business. There are other servers who have told me that they have been asked to (and do, because they want to be promoted) administrative tasks, scheduling, and other work off the clock. We are frequently denied breaks during eight to twelve hour shifts. The bartenders have also complained (for as long as I've worked there) that they are forced to overclaim their tips. Two of them quit over it. Also: I read something once about the $2.13 wage only being legal if you are doing tipped work at that rate. If I come in or stay two before or hours after my shift to clean the restaurant, when the doors are locked and I am not being tipped, should I technically be paid $7.25 for those hours? I am better off if this happens, in the long run. But I would like to stand up for myself legally here, if there is any recourse. Can I file any sort of complaint about their practice in general? Are they not breaking some kind of law by forcing their workers to claim they make more than they do? Because I meticulously tracked them down every time my wages were off, for the most part I was paid correctly. There are still several workers who are not because they feel too intimidated to question the tip claim process. How can get get away with not informing employees that they are claiming too much money? It's probably too late to file wage claims, for that, but it'd be your only recourse so I'd look into it if I were you.  Yes. Three pay periods in November and December 2017, I was paid less than minimum wage.  So at any point were you actually paid less than minimum wage average for a pay period? Yeah they might dispute it, but it'd better to try than suck eggs. Worst thing that can happen is getting denied.  Thank you. I actually noticed that the tip overclaiming was happening for the first time when I should've made overpay in a pay period and did not, because I was made to claim via the posi that I had made enough. There were several weeks this year where I was under minimum wage for a pay period, but had I not forced them to alter my tip claim, I would not have been paid. To file for unemployment you must be "unemployed through no fault of your own." How will they determine this? If they call my employer to find out the reason, I doubt they will accept any blame to help. As of now, they're going with "she forged this receipt," which would be 100% my fault. That would not be wrongful termination. If you are fired, file for unemployment. As far as the hourly rate meeting minimum wage; it typically needs to add up to minimum wage after your tips. They don't need to pay you minimum wage for each hour that you aren't making tips, because tips from other hours will cover that time. If for a pay period you were under minimum wage and they did not adjust to get it to minimum wage, then you'd have a DOL complaint.