 (AZ) Need some advice without any harsh judgements as I am in a difficult situation. My son lives with his father (who does not work and receives benefits from both the military and state government). I made this decision as I would pay him every month for his food and gas to take him to school roughly $300 a month, and I pay his health insurance and personal needs (clothes, shoes, etc). Since he does not work, I made that decision he live with him since I work full-time and I attend school. My work schedule is difficult since I typically work 10-12 hours a day and the day starting around 4am I cannot find anyone to take my son to school if he were to live with me so I don't know what to do. My son told me they don't have food in their house and his dad and girlfriend are constantly arguing. His girlfriend even called me asking me for more money and saying why didn't I send more? I told her I send $300 a month for my son's food, where does it all go? She told me his dad doesn't have a car and needs to fix it and pay his bills. I told her the money I send him is for my son and if he needs money for his car I can pay for it to be fixed and she declined. I signed over the tax return of course for them to claim him. I don't know what to do at this point I feel like his dad is no longer capable of taking care of my son, he refuses to get a job because he doesn't like people (this is what he says). He is threatening to leave. If he leaves, I want him to sign over his parental rights as no longer capable to take care of our son. I need advice, what to do legally here? And also any other advice about the situation? I am looking in who can help me get my kid to school as they don't have busses in our neighborhood. I am even looking for another job so I can work with my sons schedule and get him out of there.  You won’t be able to sever the fathers parental rights over this. That takes a lot to accomplish. But you may could convince the court to award you primary physical custody.  He has benefits as noted above. I also give him $300 a month in CS.  Again, no. A court will not sever a parent's parental rights without their approval AND someone else there to take over those rights, such as a step-parent adoption.  From what I understand, his father would actually have to give up his rights? I can take over, it's just that if he is abandoning my son by leaving, I don't want him back in his life after that.  No, a court will not sever a parent's parental rights without their approval AND someone else there to take over those rights, such as a step-parent adoption. 