 I am started to realize I was never depressed I stayed home from HS when I was younger. Did what I wanted, because no one ever taught me to make friends, cook, do chores, and I was getting smart. High school was about fun to me It was not. I could no interact with people For so long, without knowing. I was my dad. But it sick ways Ways I do not want to share on the internet ;) Also, I am starting to believe my mother hacked into my Facebook when I first made it. Around 10, I was I think Neighbour told me that, someone played Mafia, at around 3am I freaked, changed my Passwords I did not know who did it. But, Ive had this feeling, like someone is still watching every since, its horrible. It was the first thing that led me to believe I had Paranioa, but I blocked that out, bottled it up like my parents taught me. Truth is, my sister bullied me. When I was a kid. She will never own up to it. I never blame her for it. But, she does not know that. My parents alouded it, she was a parent to at the time, and I was only 3 years younger. I recently got a new job. I did NOT want But my dad got it for me, again, within days like it was nothing. I have worked two shit jobs my whole life. I am after Music now. I strongly believe my dad begged these people to hire me Told them I was sick Depressed Whatever he did I worked I have felt like I was depressed since I was 12, everyone wants to throw one word on me, calk me sick. Tommorow I have plans to see Doctors to prove I am healthy I have been quitting weed, nicotine slightly, eating way healthier and listen to music all day, because it helps me cope. I feel great. Also, starting to forgot to take my meds, for depression. And ever since I quit my job I finally stopped biting my nails, without even noticing until about 2 weeks later. I am broke, located in Ontario Canada, theres a lot I am leaving out. Because at the moment, I strongly believe they have told the Police I am dangerous to others. I had to change my phone number today, for my own sake first, and so I can safely make sure I am not wrong...... but My dad locked me out of my phone, with fido, yesterday. He knows my info but, he took my words out of context. I never gave him my info. My screen turned black. I got scared, huge red flag, phone charged, but just lit up black I called my sis, basically said, IF I am right, do you realize how illegal that is. She could not help but agree. Phone back online with in 20 minutes of that. I am not after money, but I do need it. And, I am looking to seek Medical Help for my parents, because I do not think they are fit to raise my sister at the moment. They are split up as well. Does not help. For their own good, reasons, that I get, they did not get along and it was unhealthy. Which never helps in the winter. I do not know who to take this to atm. I am 19 years. Yup post was not clear enough I have a very young sister too Rip If your sister is three years older than you, ie 22 years old, she is done being "raised" and there is no requirement that anyone be fit to raise her. If living with her parents isn't a good environment, she could move out. I have never had a relationship with my parents. Or have not felt that way for a long time. I always wanted to though :( My name I do, also refuse money from both my parents. They are broke, we all are Sorry lol I need help for my sis I need her away from my parents I am scared for her well being That she will grow up with all the terrible problems I had That our parents have  If you are 19, move out. Hi, I'm not a lawyer. I understand that you're 19 years old, living in Ontario, have low income, and have a poor relationship with your parents. I don't understand how we can help you. Do you have a legal question? Why is this a poem? If there's a legal question I can't find it. 