 In 2016 when my dad passed, his side of the family who I previously thought were always by my side did a complete 180 and did everything they could to keep anything he owned away from me. He didn’t have a will, so that made me the rightful heir by law (I am not entirely sure if being adopted affects that, as I am). We had to look for any other next of kin even though we knew he didn’t have any other kids besides me. During this process, they did everything they could to make it extremely difficult to get past this issue and because of this, my mother, step father and I gave up and let it go. Fast forward to more recently, I asked my mother if we could try to at least get the jewelry my dad always wore so I could at least have something of his to remember him by and possibly pursue the case again of me getting that damn house. Except, they spent about $50-75k to renovate the house and then sold it. It is currently under my grandmothers name and has a value of around $150k. So now this has become more than just about jewelry, they committed fraud with MY property and are getting away scott free. I am not entirely sure where to move forward with this, my attorney is looking deeper into this and is determining whether it’s worth taking to court, because my fathers side of the family isn’t the wealthiest, so it could end up we did all this for nothing. If anything I just want his jewelry, they don’t deserve to have that anymore. My father was, but he passed before he could prepare for what happened after he was gone.  Who is on the title? Persons not on the title do not "own" the home. The admin was my mother and step father first, and then it became our uncle after we gave up due to them dragging it out too long. And I haven’t done that yet, the knowledge of the house being sold was found out today, my attorney will be looking into that. And my father was the only one on the deed, yes. Who was the estate administrator? Did you check the probate records at the court for the list of assets, debts, and disbursements for your father's estate? Also was only your dad on the deed to the house?  Thank you for this information, I really appreciate it!  THere's a good chance they will, especially with 150k from the sale of a house. So when you get a lawyer to sue them, one of the first things the lawyer should do is file for an injunction against selling the house pending the legal proceedings. I’m just really worried that with all the bullshittery they’ve been pulling they’re going to find a way to drag this out like they did before. If you are legally adopted, then in the eyes of the law you are 100% your father’s son. The fact that you are adopted makes no difference.