 I(23F) just got accepted to a master program in Regina, SK, Canada and is currently looking for an off-campus house to rent. After posting on Kijiji, an old couple contacted me, saying they have a room for $650 and is at a reasonable distance from campus that can be mine if I send them a small deposit. The couple said they are approved to be host family by the school I will be attending, meaning their house is fire department approved, they know how to make an international student more comfortable, etc. We talked for about a week for details like utilities and other students staying at their house; they sent pictures of the room, which is a decent room with one bed, one desk, and one closet. They even sent me a letter from their current host student addresses to them about how sweet and nice the house is. Overall, they seem like a nice couple and the deposit is indeed a small amount ($50). The problem is I'm not in Canada right now and I don't want to find myself to a situation where I arrive in Canada for the first time with no place to live or being robbed by someone when I go to their house. If I accept the offer than it turns out to be a fraud, I would be homeless for at least three months until the dorm open again. I know no one in Canada so it would be really bad. My question is there any legal document(s) I can ask the couple to provide to ensure what they said is the truth or a contract or something. I know it isn't the best method but maybe it can grant me a bit piece of mind. Thank you in advance and sorry for my English.  The school said they can't give out any names or information about homestay host family. I asked about the approval process and U of R international said yes, there is an approval process and sent me a link to ESL program website where the process is public online for everyone to see. Basically, besides the name, everything the couple said can be found online in 5 minutes.  I did and U of R international said yes, there is a process and sent me a link to ESL program website where the process is public online for everyone to see.  I have emailed the assistant director of U of R international (with my student ID number) and he promised to look into this for possible fraud. I don't know anything yet since I am still waiting for his reply but at least I'm getting somewhere beyond the front desk.  Can they verify that there is an approvals process at all? You should ask them why there is an approval process at all if students don't know who is approved. I'm surprised by that. I'm unfamiliar with academic confidentiality laws in Canada, or how they might extend to people providing housing. From one persepective, maybe they don't want to answer that because you could be a scammer, e-mailing them to learn or confirm a name that could be used to scam international students. Make a phone call if you can, to talk to a live person. So I emailed the school and they said they can’t verify wether a person is approved for hosting student or not...  So I emailed international service of U of R and they said they can’t verify whether a person is approved by the school for hosting or not....  Yeah why not? If they are approved by the school, surely the school would have some record of that. What would the point of an approvals process be if it was a secret who was approved? Sure; I don't see any reason why the school's office who arranges foreign student host families wouldn't be able to tell you "yes, that's George and Martha MacFerguson, they're good folks", or "oh, geez, you're the third person this week to get scammed by somebody pretending to be George and Martha". You're not going to hurt anyone's feelings by asking. Advance deposit scams are super-common in college towns, and foreign students are the most common victims. That actually raises a slight red flag for me: if they host foreign students, then why isn't the room being occupied by one of their hosted students ? Do they both host foreign students and rent out rooms to ones who they aren't formally hosting ? I'm guessing this is at the U. Saskatchewan, right ? These are the folks who will likely be the best to ask:  Yes, but the school should be able to tell you if they are really approved, as opposed to a scammer? The damage deposit is actually $300. I just have to pay upfront $50 to make sure I show up then pay the rest when I’m there. I don’t know anyone in Regina but can I really ask the school to check it for me? I mean they said they’re host family but I’m not gonna by their host student.  They said they are approved by the school as host family but I am not ESL student so I’m not eligible for host family, therefore they charge me separately and independently from the school. They also said the school pays them $900/ months for each ESL student but since they won’t provide me meals, my rent is cheaper than that. Can I send the name to housing service and ask even if I don’t rent through the school?  Congratulations on the Master's program ! A fifty dollar deposit actually sounds suspicious; I would expect 1/2 or 1 month's rent as a deposit. But finding yourself without an apartment is a bigger risk. Deposit scams are very common. Most deposit scammers speak broken English and have preposterous stories, but certainly some of them might sound nice and welcoming instead. There's no document you can get a scammer to produce for you that they can't forge or falsify. You need a local person to check this out for you. Ideally, somebody associated with the school who actually approves host families, and whom you contact independently of the people who are advertising the room. You should contact the school to confirm their approval and correct contact info. If they're approved by the school, wouldn't the school also have that information?