  So at school I bring my laptop to do classwork and stuff and one day one of my fellow classmates had thrown my book bag on the ground, breaking it in the process. He refuses to pay and I can't do anything. What do I do  well i just got his moms number and im going to try to work things out. Thank you to everyone who helped me I'm trying to find brilliant way to be able to like convince the kid into giving me his moms number  You’ve been offered a dozen different avenues, and you’ve rejected them all. I’m curious as to what you expect exactly? My mom won't  Your parents may have to take them to small claims court thanks a lot for the help Good luck i will just try to contact his mother myself and sort something out. But the problem is getting his moms number Then that’s the problem, your parent is unwilling to reach out to the appropriate social service to gain the assistance you need to be reimbursed I brought my parents. My mom hesitates to go to a small case court i'm very positive she wont tell the police for such a thing Did you bring your parents or did you confront them yourself? Don’t see how the location would make any difference, the same crime has taken place. Have you asked your parents to contact the police? they said. We cant prove it even tho i showed them the laptop. And on the streets is another situation. this is is middle school So if someone would knock my phone out of my hand in the street or pick it up from the table in front of me and break it, wouldn’t I be able to contact the police about it? What did the school say when you tried to reach out for his details and explained the situation? the police is not for this sort of situation. they wont do anything over a laptop being broken.  Then ask your parents to report it to the police advising them where the kid goes to school. They can sort out who the parent is. already tried. they didn't do anything Talk to the school administration I'm gonna wager that you do. my mom dont got facebook Facebook. Friends list. Mom. my mom doesn't have his moms number and the kid refuses to give it to me and I've already tried getting it from the school You talk to your parents who will speak to the kids parents and resolve it that way