 I realize this could most likely generate an "it all depends" type of answer. Reason for asking , I wondered if it is a in and out 2 minute deal , where the Judge barely listens to the "free" lawyer , even though my actions where self defensive in nature ? Or , is case by case, how ever long it takes ? I have a simple battery family violence coming up a County court in Georgia next month. The results of which will have the chance of removing my gun rights, and FFL , even though no firearm is related to the case, and it is a misdemeanor, and I have a otherwise previous clean record. \[ So if I was "rich" , I could have had a very good high paid attorney , and kept my part time gunsmithing job . But if I was rich, I would not need either ? Thus the paradox ? \] Thanks for the timely answer. No, not so much a cold feet thing, just a reflection on how crappy the attorney was to me, so far. And I do not have an income to get a better one. The worst case scenario seems to be that I will loose the right to have anything to do with a firearm for life, ( although guns had nothing to do with it what ever, ) and I will have to get some other source of part time income. And most likely pay a huge castrating fine. I do understand only the judge decides my guilt in a bench trial . I was having fears about it being so quick and over with, that nothing gets taken in consideration. The American legal justice system truly is guilty until proven innocent, by the amount of money you have. I apologize if I appear offensive.  How long your trial lasts is not necessarily relevant to your outcome. You can always hire a private attorney if you have concerns and enter on a payment plan with them. But really, it just sounds like you are getting a case of cold feet before trial because you are maybe starting to understand this case isn't a clear win for you under the facts of your case. Good luck and understand only the judge decides your guilt in a bench trial, not your personal opinion about things. 