 I am scared shitless right now. Here is the situation broken down: - I am 27, not an entirely established adult. I flipped when I had to buy a plane ticket last minute due to costs. - I am an only child - my dad and I are in two separate states - this is the first time in my life I had to deal with anything like this, and I am way in over my head - his only real assets are his truck and twenty something guns he owns - I am unaware of how much he has in the bank, but I knew leading up to his death he was struggling - he took how a life insurance policy that was only worth less than a thousand dollars. I am up to 3k in debt right now due to the cremation fee. My fears are this: - should I get a lawyer? I am horrified at the costs and someone said I will get SCREWED if I do not get one - will I be responsible for any debts he has? Hospital? Credit cards? - what are things I need to do to take care of his estate? I need to go back to Florida (where I live) to go back to work and I cannot be here trying to sell an ass load of guns out of work - who do I need to call to stop his things? - anything else I should be thinking of????? literally any piece of advice will be appreciated more than you know OK. Hang in there. Deep breaths. You can do this. First, you are not personally responsible for any of his debts. That comes out of his estate. Now, let me post a bit of boilerplate on how settling an estate generally works. When a person dies, someone or some organization has to be appointed to take care of the estate. Basically, that involves identifying assets and debts, paying off the debts, and distributing what's left to the heirs. That includes safeguarding assets. If there is a will, that person is named in the will as the executor. The person named as executor petitions for formal appointment with the probate court in the county where the deceased lived at the time of death. Depending on the state, there can be a waiting period between the time you petition for the appointment as executor and the time it is granted, to allow someone to come out of the woodwork and object to the appointment. You aren't the legal representative of the estate until the court hands you a piece of paper confirming it. When there is is a will, this is "Letters Testamentary.” The estate must then go through probate—that the "find assets, pay debts, and distribute inheritance" stuff. Many states have simplified process for small estates. Until you have those letters, you cannot access assets or cancel most accounts because you do not have the legal right to do so. You also cannot access or transfer financial accounts held only in the deceased’s name. Before you get the Letters, you can use a death certificate to freeze bank and other accounts. Once you can access assets, you can reimburse yourself for reasonable fueral costs. There is stuff that you need to do to notify creditors, and potential heirs. You will have to file final income taxes. [Probate in Virginia](http://www.courts.state.va.us/courts/circuit/resources/probate_in_virginia.pdf) will give you a good background. Especially since you will not be on site a lot, getting a Virginia probate attorney may be really helpful. They can handle stuff locally for you. Probate attorneys are usually paid put of the estate, although they may ask for an upfront retainer. It is possible to probate an estate without an attorney, but an initial consultation can go a long way toward making sure you do it right. Be sure to order lots pd death certificates. I have administered four estates and I found that I needed 10-15 for each estate. Everyone wants one. Banks, brokerages, IRS, Social Security, utility companies, you name it. Then they lose it and ask for another one.  You can take his guns to a local FFL (dealer) either for consignment or outright sale. Consignment is slower but you will get more money as dealers and pawnbrokers don't pay a lot for used guns. Sale is chancy; I've seen some dealers pay 5-10% of what a gun is worth when the owner is clueless (usually the elderly wife). A probate attorney can walk you through the process of handling the estate.