 I want to know the best route to take and what my options are in this case senario. Please anything helps There will Always be more to it that you wont see and I understand your point of view, but as a parent how many times can i sit there and watch her wait for him to come see her and he doesnt show up? Or the one time i let him take her on his own he brought her back 10 mins later after bringing her to get ice cream. Or when he says he is the good fun parent and will her do what ever she wants just because i have rules. Like i said he has rights i get it but my daughter will not suffer from it other than him not being around. You think for 6 years i told him to stay away? No he made that choice and now wants to see her how is that right or fair to her to confuse her and get her hopes up?.  It's her father, he might be ready to be a dad now. Honestly with so many unplanned unstable relationships floating around these days, I dont really blame him. That kid is half his. Unless he is some kind of drug dealing mafia hit man and your daughter is in danger, I cant imagine having another parent around would be damaging to her. Why are you letting your personal feelings toward him get in the way of a potentially loving parental relationship? You're hurting her in the long run. Dont let her make decisions that the adults should be making. If you cant remain objective about what's in the best interest for your daughter, the courts will have to. He has every right to sue for visitation and he most likely will get it. It's up to you to make this easier or harder on your daughter. It's not your decision to make. If your ex does decide to go to court to exercise his parental rights, he will likely be granted them. You can ask for supervised visitation initially but he will get something. I also would NOT drop the CS case. CS and visitation are two different cases, do not make one dependent upon the other. At the moment there is no custody agreement through the courts, but he is threatening to take me to court and have visitation and i want to avoid that at all cost. I dont want him to have any say or contact with her.  At the moment there is no custody agreement through the courts, but he is threatening to take me to court and have visitation and i want to avoid that at all cost. I dont want him to have any say or contact with her.  Ok so you very likely already have sole custody. What you’re looking for is a stepparent adoption, and in order for that to happen, you need to get married for a little while and save up for a lawyer because ending someone else’s parental rights is not easy. Good luck! I posted all the info thank you again for letting me know :)  Sorry new to this lol i will post more information  You literally have no information so the beat advice you’ll get here is sit down for a consultation with a lawyer.