 I just bought this older truck, my friend was driving it because I was out of town and needed it picked up. It had a trip permit on it. Apparently they somehow damaged another car, the brake line on the truck was leaking and the brakes weren’t working. They didn’t notice? and didn’t leave insurance info on the other car. The truck was towed today (I’m still out of town) and the precinct told me the car was towed because it’s being investigated in a hit and run. My friend is already talking about lawyering up, I’m wondering how totally screwed I am. The truck is insured and they should be covered on my policy for permissive use. I left a message for the investigating officer, but haven’t been able to talk to them yet. Another friend checked the brake lines yesterday and didn’t notice any damage on the truck, so I’m assuming it wasn’t a major incident. TL;DR: my friend apparently did a hit and run on a parked car. Am I going to get roasted in court?  I think I’m just trying to anticipate additional outcomes in the situation. It’s not that I think I’ve done something wrong, I just want to make sure my bases are covered if I end up also having to go to court over this. I haven’t been able to get in touch with the investigating officer, so it’s making me feel a bit paranoid about the whole thing  Stop this line of thinking. You don't have to "prove" anything. You didn't do anything wrong. I have no idea why you think you have. It's almost hurting you by trying to prove so hard that you weren't there. They are already after your friend. Play the victim card here.  The only thing I have to prove would maybe be toll roads or something. I live two hours from the city this happened in, so I don’t have a flight or anything for this  Why be concerned about proving your outa town? You have receipts and other travel related stuff to prove your outa town.  I talked to my friend who was supposed to fix the brake line (I bought the truck off him) and he didn’t notice any damages to the truck when he was checking it. He wasn’t particularly looking for it, but nothing stood out. I’m more concerned about whether I have to somehow prove that I wasn’t there, I guess.  Legally speaking, you didn't do anything wrong. You weren't driving and the truck was insured. If anything, you are the victim here. I'd consider asking the DA for restitution for the damage to your truck, or suing your friend for the damage. You don't have to go that route, I just wanted to reassure you that you are the victim here. 