 State : California I lost part of my hearing at work do to the location of my job. I reported my injury to my supervisor after my hearing went out for over an hour. Since my employer failed to provide an urgent care provider, I had to go to my doctor. When then referred me to an ENT. My supervisor failed to report my injury to HR until 3 days later after I called his boss crying. (ENT diagnosed permanent nerve damage and permanent Tinnitus. I now require hearing aids.) Because of my supervisor’s actions- workers comp was automatically denied and I had to obtain an attorney. HR made me obtain an ADA (Work Accommodation Request) from my ENT that specifically stated I needed ear protection and hearing aids. I went on medical leave as my hearing issues impacted my job and I was no longer sleeping (really bad Tinnitus). It’s been over an year and I have been on leave because my claim is still denied. The ENT and QME already submitted audio tests and their reports in my favor. They had the QME provide a deposition estimating medical costs exceeding $200k if I live up to 80. But here’s where I need help. My employer fired me. They didn’t even notify me they fired me. I received an exit survey and that’s how I found out. I had to contact HR and was told I was let go because I exceeded my leave. But my job never attempted to accommodate to my disability caused by their negligence. My workers comp attorney says this is an employment lawyers case. However, I’ve talked to two attorneys so far and one declined to take the case because terminating someone exceeding their leave is acceptable in California. The other attorney wants to go after unpaid overtime and stated my workers comp attorney would be responsible for my employer failing to accommodate my ADA. Can someone provide any recommendations or course of action?  I work sales. I need to have and hold conversations with my buyers. I can’t have a phone directly in my ear for too long or my hearing goes out. I also have trouble hearing. So I was frustrating my buyers in having to ask them to repeat themselves. It essentially became a problem because i was losing sales. Loss of sales meant failure to meet month quota. That would lead to termination. Thanks for the info. I contacted the employment attorney. He’s actually representing me with another big firm. They are suing for wrongful termination (because they failed to follow ADA) and other things. I did go back to work after my injury. The problem was I could perform my job duties. ... and my supervisor threatened to terminate me multiple times if I didn’t meet my quota. That’s why I had to take leave. And because no medical attention was provided as my claim was still denied - I stayed on leave. All audio reports and deposition were provided to workers comp. HR would refer me to workers comp to discuss my injury. There were no offers to place me anywhere else and did not speak with me.  What was the issue keeping you from going back to work? The problem wasn’t the hearing protection. The damage was already done to my ears. Ear plugs would benefit from any further damage, but it still wouldn’t help me continue my job.  I said hearing protection. Not hearing aids. Have you checked the price of hearing aids? OP is going to court next month, and I respectfully suggest you reread the post. We're going on circles. OP didn't go to work for a year. There is no law requiring the employer to hold his job for a year. He abandoned it. Could you not spend $15 on a set of ear cans and go to work? The accommodations were never provided. Thank you. Sorry this happened to you, I hope court goes well.  He filled it out a week later. We’re going to trial because Workers Comp still continues to deny the work injury. My workers comp attorney has been on top of it. Yeah, that’s why I’m seeking advice. It’s just been a nightmare.  Your supervisor filled out the work comp papers? Then you should take this to workers comp lawyers until you find one that will take it, or talk to the employment attorney who is willing to help you. This shouldn't be allowed to happen, but it will if you don't fight it. Yes, I was not provided hearing protection. I have to brief because it’s one of the largest corporations in the US. Multiple locations in every state. I had to work from my company car (no bathrooms - just big open lot with cars everywhere) that is across the street from a landing strip to one of the biggest airports. Planes arrive every 5 to 10 mins. One of them finally popped my ears. I lost my hearing for 30 mins. As I regained it - I couldn’t stop hearing loud ringing. Since then I hear really loud ringing and my hearing goes in and out.  Yes, I spoke with 2 employment attorneys. One declined the case. The other wants the case, but primarily for unpaid overtime. Yes, text messages and emails. I reported my injury to my supervisor within 30 mins (was waiting for my hearing to come back) and he didn’t notify HR until 3 days later. Then after I called his manager - he (after calling me upset as to why I called his manager) then finally submitted a worker’s comp claim a week later. HR sent an email with my supervisor CC’d to have an ADA filled out immediately by the ENT. I had to pay the ENT $30 to fill out the ADA since my employer would not pay for it. They did nothing and soon after would only redirect me to workers comp. Which again - completely denied. The only medical attention I could obtain was Psych as there are no ENTs in my city that take denied workers comp. Psych did help because I developed severe anxiety.  Do I understand correctly you were not provided hearing protection in the first place? What kind of workplace did this happen in? NAL but I wanted to ask: Have you spoken with an employment attorney? Do you have any sort of proof that you reported your injury to your supervisor? Was any kind of incident report filled out? How did HR request the ADA? I know it's a lot of questions You said you went on medical leave and were gone for a year. You never returned to work to see if you could perform your job with those accomodations. Attorney could help workers comp case. I'd be Fkin MADDDD- the company deliberately covered their trail of neglagence . Layer up. Fuk em So the accommodations request form that they made my doctor fill out does nothing in my favor? The form specifically stated hearing aids and ear protection. They provided neither and workers comp denied the claim because my supervisor denied me medical attention at the time of injury.  That's unfortunate but they don't have to hold your job for a year. It's time to move on. I didn’t. Because I had no idea what I needed to do. This is the first time I had ever been placed in such position. Every time I pushed for medical care - it was denied. HR would refer me to workers comp. My employer would not really speak to me.  You don't get to take a year off and keep your job.  Yeah. That’s pretty much it. I have not been given hearing aids or ear protection because the claim is still denied. We’re going to trial next month.  I don't think we have enough information. From what you posted, it sounds like you suffered hearing loss at work, had to get hearing aids, took over a year off, and they fired you. I wouldn't expect any company to keep a job open for you after a year.