 My fiance proposed in November, and I've been looking into the K1 Fiance visa. After looking into the health questionnaire that comes with the medical exam, I'm very worried he won't get accepted. He has a history of mental health issues, self harm, drug use and hospitalization. He was hospitalized two years ago, but has been responding to therapy and has been clean, as reflected in his treatment notes. What is the chance he'll be approved? Is their any special steps we should be taking? And if he won't get approved, is there another way I can get him here? He has no criminal record. The only documentation of his drug use is in medical history and text messages. Thanks in advance. I've known him for 7 years and I'm certain he wouldn't do any of that. But I appreciate the concern! I didn't think about if he ends up incarcerated.. But he's been doing really well staying clean and we have really healthy communication about it so I don't think it's too much of a risk. You sign the affidavit when you apply, which is before the first interview and the receipt of the visa and traveling to the US. Long story short, if he was using her for a visa and he were smart, he’d at least wait till after they got married and he got the green card... Also, that’s assuming he will get incarcerated or request government assistance. If he leaves her, but doesn’t get in trouble anywhere, she won’t have to pay. It is a risk, though. If he has a history of abusing drugs, he could very easily get into trouble here. Good point! I would worry more about the I-864 affidavit after the K1 approval. It places you on the hook indefinitely for paying 125% of the Federal poverty guidelines which is $1,216 a month or $14,588 a year, if he stays with you or not. Hypothetically, he can disappear a week after you sign that and apply for benefits and you will have to compensate the government indefinitely or until he no longer receives benefits or leaves the US.  I wanted to put he's from the UK in the post body but the bots removed the post the first time. Sorry about that. But I appreciate your answer. I'm sure we can pass all of those questions, it's just his records I worry about. Getting the K1 visa is affected by what country your fiancé is coming from, which I think you left out... Honestly, my husband had zero red flags, but is from a country the US does not generally like. He got rejected the first time. We hired a lawyer, and he got it. How did you meet your fiancé? Have you ever met in person? Can you prove this? How/with what? Can his sponsor/he support him(self)? Proof? Does he pose a risk to himself and/or others? What value does he add to the US? Without knowing what country he’s coming from, it’s hard to even guess. But those are the basic questions that need answering and solid support. 