 Hi, I'm on mobile for I'm sorry for any formatting errors. So last year I was working at a grocery store in town, and when they were doing w-2 forms, they had us come in store to get them and made us sign for them. They also told us that if we saw anyone that used to work there to tell them that they need to come get them. I left in April of last year. So now, it's Jan. 30th, and I have recieved nothing in mail, no one has called me or contacted me to even come in and grab it. I also did a quick google search about it, and it said that it had to be mailed or sent electronically by Jan. 31st. So my big thing is what I need to do in this instance, and if I need to report or tell anyone if my w-2 doesn't get to me in time. Do I have a legal obligation to go into the store asking for my w-2? Thanks for any advice!  Contact the store tomorrow and follow up about them being mailed. They need to be given to you or postmarked by tomorrow. Employers should not having a problem sending one out. The best way to handle it is to speak to the employer directly and work it out. Additionally they can email you a copy, although that's transmitting a lot of personal information electronically and not the most secure option. If they used a payroll company then there's probably an employee portal that you could log into to retrieve the information in a much more secure way as well. If you've moved and didn't update your former employer of a new address, they may have even sent it out to your old address because they'd have no way of knowing otherwise. If the employer is for some reason not providing it to you, then you can call the IRS at 800-829-1040. You'll need your personal information as well as the employer's information, the dates you worked, and your best idea of what you made and what taxes are withheld. If you have your last pay stub from the employer that's perfect. They'll contact the employer and ask them to send you a copy, and that's usually enough to light a fire under an ass. If that doesn't work or the company is out of business, the IRS can then issue a substitute W-2 using the information you provided them, and you can use that for filing. Call the IRS if you don’t receive it in the next couple of days. They have to have it in the mail tomorrow so give them a chance. 