 Straight to the facts because my head is swimming. We live in TN, USA. Daughter is 12. Mid range Autistic and bipolar type 1. Divorced since 2011. Divorce papers state ex is allowed to have visitation 3 weekends a month. CPS: daughters therapist reported ex for verbal and mental abuse and neglect. Things in report: calling her a spoiled brat. A prostitute. Not allowing her to visit for Christmas or buying her Christmas presents (as a punishment for her bipolar down and wanting to leave his home because she may self harm there) but buying her sibling gifts and allowing him to visit. Not allowing her access to a phone when she’s in mental crisis (self harm issue, needing to reach out to de escalate). A game called pain retains (hit her arm to help her remember left from right). Constant criticism of the way she talks, walks, writes, reads. Telling her to “get over it” when she has a bi polar down and crying. The report was about 4 pages long. He ask tonight on the phone if she was coming to visit. She said no. He ask why. She said because of Christmas. He said it’s been 7 weeks since you visited. I have nothing else to say. Bye. (4 of the 7 weeks he couldn’t do visitation because he was working out of state/country) He then emailed me asking if by allowing her to not visit am I supporting her choice not to visit and/or withholding visitation. I informed him I am not, I actually encourage it and hope it gets better between them. If he tries to take me back to court do I have a leg to stand on?  | Interestingly enough you chose not mention anything about those until this point, I'm sure you can figure out what a reasonable person would make of that. There’s also text messages/emails turned in. But touché on your points. I understand now  .| The report will consist of things your daughter may have said during her therapy session but documentation of statements made during therapy cannot attest to the veracity of the statements made. Despite your claim that these "are just examples", that has no impact on their relevance or justifies your inclusion of them. .| Even if that was the reason, not illegal. If he was denying her proper food, proper shelter, proper clothing, proper hygiene, proper medical care, etc; that would constitute illegal abuse. However, denying a child something that they have legally provided right to does not constitute an illegal form of child abuse. If your ex owned a Chevy Corsica and a Mercedes Benz, and never allowed your daughter to ride in the Benz, that wouldn't constitute an illegal form of child abuse even if his reasoning had to do with a medical condition. If your daughter is being punished for behaving in unacceptable ways during her downswings that does not equate to being punished for being mentally ill. I contacted a family lawyer via email for a consult  CPS is involved. They came to my home, questioned her. They went to my sons school and questioned him. They’re drafting the non-permanency plan Friday for him to sign. I was told I probably wouldn’t have to sign it. Something to do with him attending educational classes on learning to deal with a disabled child. (And come to find out this isn’t his first rodeo with CPS) Those were just examples of what was in the report. And I don’t think the issue was him not buying her things for Christmas/not allowing her to visit but more of using it as a punishment for her mental issues. In our agreement she has the right to use the phone to contact the other parent. Twice a week here and once there. Especially if it’s self harm related, because CPS said if she harms herself there and he denied her the phone then he is responsible.  It sounds like there is quite a bit more to the story and here is why: - You say CPS is involved and talk about a report. If CPS is actually involved then they have the ability to restrict your ex's parental rights. Sounds like that hasn't happened. The mere existence of report from your daughter's therapist does not, in and of itself, constitute CPS involvement. - Some of the things you mention are irrelevant. Telling a child that they are a "spoiled brat" doesn't constitute any illegal form of abuse and isn't necessarily abuse. - Another irrelevant issue is the matter of your ex not buying your daughter any Christmas presents. Not giving a child Christmas presents does not constitute illegal abuse. There is no "right to Christmas gifts". - Your daughter also has no protected right to a phone.  The parenting plan is king. It's good that there is a CPS report on file, but being 12 doesn't override the document that exists and neither does one report. The fact that he's emailing you and using terms like "withholding visitation," is not good and you need to get ahead of it and file to have the order changed. There are not shortcuts in the world of child custody.  I informed them yes. At age 12 does she have the right to chose? Did CPS look over your custody order before saying that? You really need to get a family attorney and have the order amended.  CPS told me it was Riley’s choice to go or not. And believe me if I knew she was safe I would love for her to go. I would love a weekend off and a glass of wine If it lays out specific visitation time and you're keeping her during that time, yeah, it's not gonna play well at court, but that's because you're not making the right moves. You need to file to have the order amended. 