 Hey everyone, perhaps this isn't a legal post but because it involves receiving other people's mail, I want to be extra cautious. I moved into my apartment about 2 months ago. All my information was good and I began receiving mail as expected. However, after the first week I began receiving mail addressed to someone else at my address. It was only a few pieces, nothing major. I wrote "Post Master, no longer resident" and put them back in the mailbox with the flag up. I figured that was done with as the next day, that mail was gone. The last three weeks I've received sporadic mail from about 6 different residents who apparently lived at my current residence sometime in the past. This mail ranges from full blown packages to bills to court orders/payments. At first I just kept writing the same message and putting them back, but then I decided to go to the post office and inform them what was happening. I spoke to the woman there and told her what was happening and that I was the current and sole resident of the address. She verified that information and assured me that would be the end of any mail not addressed to me. Well... I'm still receiving mail to other residents. What do I do now? I don't want to keep dealing with this; is there someone higher up I can speak to? There's more to this problem, as I'm pretty sure someone is going through my mailbox when I'm away or at night. Two weeks ago this couple came to my door and asked about a package for a "X" whose name I didn't recognize. I had a list of all the different people whose mail I had received, but "X" name wasn't on there. I told them so and they left. I watched from my window as they got in their car, pulled away, then pulled up to my mailbox and briefly opened it to look in. Then they drove off. Since then, I've seen the same car at my mailbox around 10 pm at night, but by the time I got downstairs (I'm in an upper apartment) they were pulling away. What are my options for: A) ensuring I don't get mail that isn't mine anymore B) keeping people from getting into my mailbox Any help would be greatly appreciated! Highly recommend getting a post office box. Your mail will be secure, you have the assurance that no one is going through it, and if you move to a different apartment in the same town, your address stays the same. Renting a box can be spendy, but it's well worth it. Also check the UPS store. Some locations rent boxes.  Nope, it's part of 4 at the edge of my apartment quadplex's small parking lot. Imagine the front door of the building, then a small parking lot, and at the edge of that (and along the actual street) are the mailboxes. Old fashioned standard ones. You could always rent a PO Box and remove your physical mailbox.  There's not a lock on your mailbox? I'm not sure about problem A, but problem B is definitely a crime and they can possibly get arrested for that.