 I'll jump right in to what happened. I was inside a convenience store buying water, while my girlfriend had my dog on a leash right out front. Older guy was walking toward her with his dog, my dog becomes agitated by approaching dog. My girlfriend walks away to ease my dog, looks back and they are still approaching. She decides to cut into the parking lot back towards the car, but the guy does the same thing and they are now walking parallel. My dog freaks, pulls away, my girlfriend loses control of the leash, and my dog engages in a dog fight with the other dog. My girlfriend gets bitten by the other dog while trying to break them apart. And the man trips and falls, injuring his back. I'm being sued for causing pain and suffering, for the amount of 250,000. I work a retail job, and I'm a student. I do not have homeowners/renters insurance. I live with my parents. My parent's insurance was made aware of what happened, but must not have been able to cover/be liable, so now I'm being sued. The dog was not registered/licensed at all prior to the incident. Though I have paid for all vet/medical bills for the dog--I'm wondering if my parents can be considered the dog's owner because she lives at their home? I don't have the money to hire a lawyer. And I have no savings or assets. Do I concede, say yes, I was negligent and accept the blame for the incident(I want to avoid any and all association of my parents as the possible dog owner) and get sued? They will certainly have a hard time squeezing me for money, especially 250 grand. Will my wages be garnished? Will the 250 grand become dept? If so, do I file for bankruptcy? Though, I would rather not file bankruptcy at all. Thank you, and sorry for the rambling nature here. The good thing about being poor is that you can just file for bankruptcy if you lose. It sounds like you have a decent defense--hire an attorney. If you are low income, see if you qualify for legal aid. Go to lawhelpca.org. Do you have homeowner's or renter's insurance? It's possible your defense might be covered--contact them to see. Last thing--if your gf got bit, she may be able to sue the Plaintiff. She should talk to a personal injury attorney for a free consultation...and she can take you with her. I should stress that you should do all this immediately--if you've already been served, the clock is ticking for you to file a response and you definitely do not want to admit responsibility or receive a default judgment. You need to find a way to pay for an attorney. Sell everything you have. Get a credit card. Ask your family. You cannot afford not to have one. Yes.  It's hard to understand litigation for this much money in these circumstances without an insurance company standing in the background to pay. You need sound legal advice here to understand what's happening and how to handle it. Why? One guesses they have insurance that could step in here. And perhaps discovering that relationship and bringing in your parents (and their policy) is the ultimate goal that makes this make sense. If your parents own the dog you likely have to perjure yourself to conceal that. That's probably not a reasonable goal. You have actually been served court papers?