 Location Indiana: On July 4th 2017 I was charged with possession of marijuana in Park County Indiana. The cop charged me and 3 of my friends with possession of (2grams) of marijuana. Charge is a class B misdemeanor of possession under 30grams but with no previous convictions I was given a “conditional discharge” I completed a drug assessment and paid $650 in fines and as of July 4th 2018 the case was dismissed. Today I was told I’ll need to pass a background check for a job I applied for so I ran a background check on myself for fun and the charge still pops up. My friend who was charged with me did not have the charge pop up. I know the arrest might still be on my record but how do I make sure mine actually got dismissed? I used an app my mom got access to through her job to do checks. Can anyone help me out?  If it's an addiction center, they might even care less about the weed than other employers. As long as you are clean now, that's what matters. Offer to take a test to show that you are clean. On a personal note, I have worked with At-Risk youth in the past, and having a skeletons in your closet from your past actually helps you connect with your clients. I wouldn't go as far to say that it's a benefit, only that it's not as bad as you think. Good luck :)  the job is acctually at an addiction recovery center is why I am worried. Guess I did not realize it would still show up once it was dismissed lol I am able to pass their drug screening and evrything else so hopefully it wont be a problem.  That's good. I wouldn't worry too much. Given the direction the country seems to be going, no one is really going to care if you smoked weed in the past. Well, that is unless you want to play in the NFL... Thanks for the better understanding! Found out how to look up the case online and it shows that it was in fact dismissed  This is the issue with "background checks" as there really isn't a standard test that they use. The conditional discharge means that you won't have a criminal record. So if you are asked if you've ever had a criminal conviction, you can legally say no. But, these background services often go to multiple sources to check you out. One of the biggest issues I often see, is that people receive a CD, only to apply for a job (with a background check) before the conditions are set. If this happens, the charge shows up on the background check and will likely remain there. Other than a few very rare situations, these companies have no legal obligation to remove your background information. Sorry dude (tte?). 