 I'm not sure if this is the correct subreddit to post this in, but I have no idea where or who else to ask. For the past week, Discover Card has called my mom asking for me. My mom asked what it was in reference to and they told her it was personal. She gave them my phone number and told them to call me about it since I don't live there and haven't for a long time. She gave me Discover's 1-800 number to call. I haven't gotten any phone calls from Discover whatsoever. Once my mom started complaining about the calls, I called Discover and asked why they were calling her. The man I spoke to said he had no idea, there were no notes about anything. The only phone number they had on file was my own that I was calling from. I do have a card with them, but it has a very low balance that is not overdue. There was an incident where I got a "fraud alert" a few weeks ago, but it was a purchase of my own that flagged the system. I can't think of any "personal" reason they'd be calling me in the first place, unless it's another fraud alert thing. But they called me at my own number to tell me about that last time. They have continued to call my mom to ask for me every day in the past week. She says it's always someone different and she has to re-explain that I don't live there. They say they will take the number off, but then they call her again about it the next day. I've called Discover 3 times myself and as I've said they say that they don't even have my mom's number anywhere on file. Getting pretty annoying because I don't particularly enjoy contact with my mom and she has been calling me every day to fix it. What can I tell her to do or say to get them to stop calling her? Anything I can do? Could this be a legal thing? A few weeks ago, I had the same exact thing happen to me with my Discover card. Also low balance, not overdue. My dad got a call on his cell phone which was my cell phone number for a few years while in high school and college from Discover asking for me (using my married name, not maiden). They wouldn't tell him what about. I told him to ask them to not call him anymore since that is not my contact number and hasn't been for 10 years. They called again a few days later and he told them not to contact him, then I blocked the number on his phone. He hasn't gotten anymore calls from them. Note: my dad and I have a good relationship and he lives with me and my husband due to his ongoing medical issues. He just doesn't like people calling him.  Might be a scam. She shouldn't give them any personal information - yours or hers. If they're always calling from the same number, show her how to block it on her phone. I can’t help you fix it and it sounds like you’ve taken reasonable steps to do so. I would wonder if they called once and she’s now using that to give her a reason to call. The most obvious answer is usually right (in human behaviour, if not law).  Possibly? I mean I do really have a Discover card, which I've never told her before this. I don't think she knew. So that's why I don't think she's completely outright making it up. But either way she's definitely using it as an excuse to talk and complain to me about it, so that's why I want to fix it ASAP lol Is there any chance she’s using it as a reason call you? 