 I need some legal advice as a renter who is experiencing mold in my place. I think the best way to go about this is to shortly explain my story. I'm renting a duplex in Sonoma, California, where we've been getting a good amount of rain the past few months. My girlfriend and I developed sinusitis simultaneously back in October when I emailed my landlord to have the place inspected for mold. They dismissed the request and said it was unlikely. I started looking other explanations for our symptoms. We continued to have the symptoms and sought medical attention for months. In December, our symptoms still haven't went away, so I examined our basement and furnace and found a lot of mold growing. The basement which doesn't have a direct entrance to the inside of our home contains dirt that has been wet and moist for the past few months. It still haven't dried. Also, using the heater has been blowing spores into our house for 3 months straight. I emailed my landlord again and they immediately cleaned the furnace, but didn't replace the ducts. They did it themselves instead of using a professional service. I went in the basement again today and there is even more mold growing than there was before. I'm preparing another email to request to have the place professionally examined and clean or replace the carpets (in case spores settled prior to cleaning). I'm anticipating that they'll hesitate on doing these services due to the cost, so I'm wondering my legal limits in this matter if they refuse to clean. I have a paper trail of the initial email, pictures of the mold before and after, and pictures of the mold when it was in the furnace. I also have medical records showing repeated attempts to be treated for our symptoms. I myself and continuing experience symptoms. It's frustrating but I would like to be prepared in case they dismiss my requests. Are they liable for eliminating the mold? I respect anyone's opinions, and anyone information is much appreciated. Thank you Redditors!  A similar case also happened to my gf and I, but we eventually moved out of that place. You should try to find and consult a lawyer in your area. From my experience, the lawyer will ask what you want them to do regarding the case. Furthermore, they said that they were willing to write up a letter and send it to the landlord. Afterwards, if the landlord refuses to do anything about it, only then will you have the right to take action against them. I hope you find this comment helpful and good luck to you!