 Newbie here, I met a military man online after a week of talking he wants us to get married.. I got shock and wonder if this is scam.. So I do a little research and found out that they will get an additional benefits when they got married so I confront him and he said that he already get the benefits since he has a dependants.. I'm living in another country.. Will they still get an additional benefits if they got married even though they already has a dependants?? Will he get salary increase if he got married?? P. S: he said his e5 rank and has two dependants.. And will get deployed in June.  He said his in fort belvoir va and in power plant operation... I don't know anyone in the army that's why I try this site.. Thank you for all your help really appreciated.  That his location, not his branch, but I'll assume he is in the Army. If you know anyone at all in the Army, they can look him up in the email. My experience is with the Air Force, but I cannot imagine this wouldn't be the same for the Army. They should be able to tell if there is someone of his name and rank stationed where he claims to be. You could also try asking someone in a military-centric subreddit to do this. I can't promise anyone will oblige the request...but I would probably be willing to give you a yes or no if I were in a position to do so, so you may get lucky.  Fort belvoir Don’t, just don’t  What branch does he claim he's in?  How will I know if his really in the military??  Im 30yrs old.. So far he didn't ask for money.. We spoke through video call.  So you want legal advice about getting married to someone you've never met, but talked to for a week online? This is a very bad idea. He may or may not actually be in the military. He may or may not have other motives. What do you know about his personality? I'm not sure you need legal advice, here. You need relationship advice. One way to go here is to run far and fast from this guy. If that's not your first choice then I would advise you to get to know him a bit better before considering his proposal.   No. But people who aren't shady af don't typically try to marry strangers after a week. How old are you? If he offers to send you money at any point in time, or asks you for money for any reason, you're quite probably the victim of a romance scam.  This is a terrible idea even if it's not a scam on purpose.