 My apartment complex claims that by simply being on their property that you consent to them using your likeness and audio for any reason. [This sign]() just went up in the lobby of my apartment building in Chapel Hill, NC: CONSENT TO RECORD AND USE YOUR IMAGE All residents, visitors, and guest, while in commons areas, give Owner, Management, Company, their employees, agents, subsidiaries, and authorized vendors the right to record their image and/or voice and to use the sound, still or moving images in any and all media, now or hereafter known for any purpose whatsoever. It’s no, right? They’ve got all sorts of bullshitty rules and signs going up, but this one strikes a nerve. If anyone can find a law, case, or anything to cite in regards to this I’d be extremely grateful.  No formal filming to my knowledge, I think they just got tired of getting people to sign consent forms when they host parties — they bring in food and alcohol once a month or so and promote it on social media and the company site.  These types of signs are used for shooting at a location for incidental recordings of people in the background (usually at a restaurant, hotel lobby, city street, etc.) but I haven’t seen a permanent sign at an apartment building before. Are they filming a show in your building by chance? Or renting out the lobby as a shooting location? If not this is really strange. I don’t know the laws on recording people in NC, but as practical advice if you see a film crew shooting tell them you don’t want to be on camera. Most decent production companies will let you walk through without shooting you if you ask.  These are becoming more common and are being included in leases. [Here is an example]() that's a little less strident than yours. Some states are pretty strident too. [Yours isn't so much.](http://www.dmlp.org/legal-guide/north-carolina-right-publicity-law) This is interesting because these signs generally work fine for TV shows filming but are usually temporary. Bottom line -- they're going to film you. If they use your likeness and you're against it, you'll have to sue them.