 I‘m 16 and currently living on my own. I work at a large sandwich franchise. I am the only woman working at this location. I learned my male coworkers of the same job title and seniority were getting a higher percentage of the tips than I was (I was told it was divided equally.) I complained to my assistant manager and nothing changed. I complained to my manager who is rarely in store and he reprimanded my assistant manager. Apparently this was the wrong move. I haven’t gotten my last three paychecks. I want to just quit at this point but I need these three paychecks. I worked for them. I am owed them. And I budgeted for the coming month taking them into account. How do I get these paychecks? Posted in another sub and was recommended to post here. Indiana.  Great point!  The attorney that you consult will tell you what fee, if any, they charge. I strongly suggest that you concentrate on the question of “what can I recover”as opposed to “if it’s free”. You have $0.00 now. If the attorney recovers $5,000,00 and charges $2,500.00 the net to you is $2,500 Little in life is actually free.  That’s great I definitely will if it’s actually free. I’m on the site right now. Thanks for the info.  Look at NELA - I cannot give greater emphasis - consult an attorney - your options are going to be greater with the attorney assisting. In one state where I practice the employee shorted is entitled to a full month of pay in addition to the shorted pay. I do not know the law in Indiana but, a local attorney will. Don’t miss out on all that you are able to collect.  Ok—awesome thanks a lot. I’ll follow up with the department of labor and see what my options are.  The first thing to do is to contact the [Indiana Department of Labor]() The US Department of Labor has jurisdiction but the shutdown is a problem. Finally, look for local wage and hour counsel at [NELA](www.nela.org) What has been done to you is more than wage theft. The laws governing wage hour complaints provide for an award of attorney’s fees to encourage counsel to take representation of people without the funds to pay an attorney. These laws were written to protect you, and people like you, who have given your Labor only to be shorted your pay. The law is not kind to these employers. Go get them!