 This is not one of those cases where a medical records mishap caused a patient to take the wrong medication or have the wrong leg cut off. But I'll be damned if it hasn't led to unnecessary stress on our relationship. Wife and I have been married 20+ years. We've had a strong relationship and I'm closer to her than I am to any other friend. In two decades, we have been through one major test (not infidelity) and we fought hard to preserve our relationship. We won that battle and I absolutely can't imagine NOT having her in my life. I work from home and one of my chores is to grab the mail from the mailbox and I usually sort it, pay bills, etc. Last week we got a lab invoice addressed to my wife with a line item for what turned out to be an STD test, per Google. This was a bill for the remaining amount that her insurance didn't cover. Think about that. You're walking around assuming you've got a strong, monogamous relationship and then you get a bill indicating your SO was recently tested for an STD. To me, it would be similar to seeing your SO's phone light up with a text from an unknown number that says "I miss you". You want to assume it's a wrong number but there's that little what-if demon on your shoulder that won't accept it without further investigation. I'll skip most of the details that are probably suited for /r/relationship_advice. In hindsight, it's easy to say I should've trusted her. She didn't know what the bill was for and said it was obviously a mistake, but due to my own insecurity, I started asking lots of questions and she was quickly hurt that I didn't seem to accept her answers at face value. Guess that's understandable but it was very frustrating that there were no solid, immediate answers from the responsible healthcare providers. I'm angry because we wouldn't be going through this at all if not for the clinic's records mistake. Like the lab work that got mixed up could've been for ANYTHING else and she could've said "that's not for me - I don't know what that is" and right, okay, we can get the billing department to sort it out. Our relationship is strained right now but we will work through it. She's hurt because I needed answers and was NOT okay with waiting "several weeks" while the lab sorted out the mistake to provide an explanation. (This was the lab's response when she called them.) We both did more research to get to the bottom of it. Ultimately, the nurse practitioner who was apparently responsible for this ordeal called me (after my wife asked the NP to share the info) to explain that "some of wife's info was accidentally included in lab requisition and I'm really sorry about this". She seemed sincere and I don't want to get anyone fired but, damn, this was not an oops-we-overcharged-you kinda mistake. It's impacting our relationship, and probably will rear it's head in the future as well, even though the NP admitted to the fuck-up. Main thing I think we should get out of this right now - and what I asked for from the NP - is a documented apology from the clinic and some sort of detailed explanation as to HOW this kind of thing happened and WHAT they'll do to ensure it doesn't happen to anyone else. This might not justify any legal action but I'm really upset about it right now and looking for a professional opinion or two. They need to identify whatever flaw exists in their system and put checks in place to prevent this kinda thing from happening. \Note: We don't think this was just a fuck-up on insurance/billing. The clinic's website has a section for patient health records, and her records included the entry for STD testing as well. No results were available, though, as the NP explained the results document had been removed when they realized there was a mistake back in December.  Cool thx. My wife didn't have an STD test. Someone else's medical records got mixed up with hers. We won't be using the clinic again so it doesn't really matter if we "get booted". Mainly we're looking for a follow up from the clinic with some kind of root cause analysis (obviously not including the names of patients) to ensure they sort out whatever issue led to this. Based on the responses, this doesn't belong in r/legaladvice.  They made a billing error and corrected it. Everything else is a relationship issue, and was not actually caused by the billing error so much as your reaction to it.  You have no damages to take legal action over. Your relationship issues are not legally actionable. I'm not even sure what your problem is, to be honest. You got billed incorrectly, and it was taken off? You got billed correctly for a test that turned out to be unnecessary? You can ask for a "documented apology" - whatever you mean by that - and a "Detailed explanation" - which it sounds like you already got" - just by being polite over the phone. "I don't trust my wife now" isn't something you can sue over. Raising a stink about how an honest mistake torpedoed your supposed "Strong relationship closer than any friend" is likely just going to get the two of you booted out of the clinic and asked not to return. If they admitted error and are reversing the billing I don’t see what the legal issue is, or maybe I overlooked something in the post.