 Hi everyone. Some background: my father has always had financial troubles. He is divorced from my mother and has already been served with a warrant to appear in court due to unpaid alimony. During the course of the divorce proceedings, he claimed to have filed for bankruptcy, however that was found to be untrue at the time. This was last year. He was evicted from his apartment in 2016 and placed all of his belongings into a storage unit, and moved in with his girlfriend (not wife). Now he is claiming that the IRS has placed a lien on his possessions to due owed back taxes. It is true that he owes taxes - I don't know the amount, however. Two years ago, while my partner and I were moving, he lent some of the aforementioned belongings - some pieces of furniture - to us. I am unsure what the wording of this offer was - meaning they could have been gifted or loaned to be returned at a later date. Now we are estranged and have not been in contact for over a year due to the (quite nasty) divorce. He is now claiming that due to the lien, the items need to be collected. If we do not relinquish, he says the IRS will coordinate with the Sheriff's department to issue a warrant to the landlord to enter our apartment and collect the items themselves. So the question is - can they do that? There was no written record of the furniture changing hands to the best of my knowledge. I am unsure of what to do. I do not wish to speak to him as he has caused much grief to me and the rest of the family throughout my life. Thus, I have not responded to any of the text messages he has sent me regarding this matter. There is basically a non-zero likelihood that the police will get involved in this situation. He can make a complaint, they will contact you, you tell them they were a gift and they'll phone him back and tell him it is a civil issue and take it up in civil court. This would be a huge waste of police resources. Yeah, trust me, they won't get involved as long as you stick with the gift story. The other issue is that you really need to establish if they were on loan or given to you. In my opinion, furniture (unless it's really expensive) would be considered a default gift unless something was written down stating otherwise. Two years is a lot of wear and tear on furniture. As of right now, there's not much you can do other than ignore them. If the police call or come knocking, all you have to do is say that the furniture was a gift and that you don't consent to them taking it away. I really can't see them getting involved after you say that. 