 I am a bartender and sever at a Hibachi restaurant in Maryland. My coworkers and I have recently started discussing the legality of the way we do our tip pool. Our servers tips at the end of the night get added together, then 50% goes to the chefs and the remaining 50% gets distributed evenly between the servers. Now, our chefs are salaried employees (they make a SIGNIFICANT amount of money at that) and our servers still only make 3.63 an hour. So our chefs make good money on their paychecks alone, 50% of the servers tips, and also accept side tips from customers (which they won’t even give you unless confronted, AND they are not required to give it to the server UNLESS the server was given less than 20% tip on their check, also even then the chef is only required to give the server the amount that will bring their tip up to 20%). This leaves our servers making less than minimum wage some nights. I’m just curious if anyone might have any idea if our salaried chefs being given half of our tips is illegal? Or if there is some kind of loophole they are using because of the hibachi style of our restaurant. Thanks in advance for any advice xoxo  I would also recommend asking how tips are distributed during the interview process to avoid this situation in the future. The thing to know is that Hibachi/Sushi type restaurants are specifically called out in the law to allow this, because the chefs interact with customers, so they are a special case. It's not a general purpose "Oh restaurants can make the rules" because otherwise this would not be allowed, back of house is not allowed in tip shares in states that have the lower minimum wage for serving staff. In states that have moved serving wages to match normal minimum wage, this would be allowed however. As long as the servers are making at least minimum wage over the entire pay period, I don't see anything illegal about this under federal law. I'm not sure if Maryland has a stricter law. Generally speaking, restaurants can set up how tips are distributed. An argument can be made that the chefs are the reason people come in. As long as the employer isn't keeping any tips, this is generally acceptable. The chefs are allowed to negotiate there salaries and tips. They could be making $100/hr and it still would have no bearing on what you make. You are free to negotiate your own salary and quit and find employment elsewhere if it's not satisfactory to you. Lastly, lets address the minimum wage bit. Generally speaking, your employer is allowed to average your time over the pay period. So some days, you can make less than minimum wage, as long as when you get your paycheck, you average out to more than minimum wage (including tips). This really is a product of the type of restaurant that you work at. I hate to be crude, but it's the same with situation with strip clubs. People come for the girls (or guys).  No, there is no signed agreement/contract or anything like that. Employees also don’t get informed of the way tips are handled during interview or once actually hired. They usually just get told by the other servers on their first day lol. Yeah, sadly that’s what most of us are going to end up having to do.  Is there any signed agreement like an employment contract? Restaurants generally can decide how tips are dealt with to ensure fairness but sounds like the 50/50 split might be unfair. Hibachi chefs are definitely the main attraction at those restaurants so I can understand them deserving part of the tips. As unhelpful as this sounds - try find a job as a server in another restaurant that isn’t hibachi. Potentially much easier than spending thousands on a lawyer to pursue this and probably end up needing a new job in the end also.  I’m no lawyer, but it seems unfair!