 Me and my boyfriend were returning home from a water park with him driving my vehicle on Monday when I was looking through the photos we took together while we were there. He asked me not to delete any but I basically forgot he said that/wasn’t paying attention and accidentally deleted a photo of us and he got extremely angry and started to speed up and take corners quickly. I panicked and asked him to slow down. He had been drinking throughout the day and he wasn’t drunk but I had an inkling that he was slightly intoxicated. When I told him if he didn’t drop me off or stop the vehicle I would call the police he took my phone and I became afraid. There was nowhere to jump out because we were on the freeway. I tried to grab my phone back from his left hand and he swatted me away, but I tried again and he hit me in the face (while trying to swat me away). I became angry and grabbed his glasses and broke them in half. I further pleaded and begged for my phone back while trying to grab it back from him. Eventually when we got back to the city I was able to grab my phone and jump out of the car. He had called the cops and alleged I hit him (has no marks or evidence) and that i broke his glasses so I was arrested on a DV misdemeanor. Hours after I was arrested I developed some nasty bruises on my arms from the struggle and a black eye and swollen temple on my face. I am being charged for DV, yet does this evidence (my black eye and bruises) not suggest that I was defending myself? How do I go about bringing this evidence to court so I do not get charged with a criminal misdemeanor? If at all possible, hire your own counsel. I haven't yet met a PD I actually trusted, lol. They are very overworked, and generally struggling to keep up with cases. Since they're not getting paid, they don't tally care about the outcome. Thank you so incredibly much. Is it advisable to obtain a private attorney or is it ok to use the public defender? Yes, they'll be stamped with date and time. Would've been better to have a witness, but they'll suffice. I have many photos of my injuries. I took them myself on my iPhone though, is that sufficient? Thank you for the advice Is a public attorney ok? Or is private better? And pictures. Also, strongly suggest you not get in spitting distance of this person again. You should retain an attorney.