 There are the legal answers to this, and the what feels “right” and “fair” answers, and I’m open to them all (I think she is too). Essentially, I am wondering what money, if any, I might be entitled to should she get anything from the insurance from the guy who rear ended her. My understanding is that I would be entitled to half of anything that would be to cover medical or car expenses incurred prior to finalizing the divorce but that I would not be entitled to anything considered “pain and suffering”. Correct me if I am wrong or point me to the considerations there would be in making that determination. This is her 4th car accident in the decade we’ve been together, none her fault (she has been rear ended 3 times and also a deer hit her, literally ran into the side of her car). She went to the ER the night of the accident and had xrays, a cat scan, and has an MRI this week. She has had neck problems since her first time getting rear ended 10 years ago. If she has surgery it will be expensive. We have debts that we were planning to split 50/50 in the divorce (two credit cards, two cars, some medical debt, and a personal loan, then we would each take on our own student loans even though mine is 12x as much as hers—I make more than she does and have higher earning potential because of my schooling). She seems to be leaning toward her paying off her half of the debt and her student loans, then applying any extra to my portion of the shared debts, nothing to my student loans in any circumstance, and then she’d pocket the rest. Honestly I feel like it would be more fair for it to be put toward the shared debts together and then she gets anything above and beyond that to put toward her student loan or whatever else she wants to do with it (I don’t expect her to contribute to paying off my student loans). Am I an asshole for thinking any proceeds would go to our shared debt together? Obviously if she gets a large enough amount she has said she’s willing to put it towards my half of our debts and this exercise is for naught, but what would the law say and what seems fair? Thanks I would think it would be the date the expenses are incurred but I’m kind of leaning towards settlement date. This is a perfect question for r/legaladvice and make sure you put your state in there (idk of crossposting is allowed jut an FYI but that’s a good place to get an idea) And do you each have your own lawyer? It could be a simple phone call OR most attorneys you can just call and ask the simple question and they should answer it over the phone for you. Jist call a personal injury attorney first.  It seems to me that any insurance payout would be for the damages to the vehicle, your STBX medical bills, future medical costs, wage loses and, as you said, pain and suffering. It seems to me that she would have a good argument to keep any money she receives. I think you are a bit confused at how insurance payouts work. It's not like you can get into a car accident and automatically get a bunch of free money. That insurance payout is designed to make the victim whole, not have them win the lottery. Now yes, she's free to use that money for other things, but that doesn't change the fact that the insurance company put a dollar figure on what she will lose during her lifetime, due to this accident. That's why it seems like more, but you never know if there are any long term damages. With that being said, as the other poster noted, it sounds like you two are doing this as amicably as possible, so right now, this is a discussion between the two of you and what you both think is fair. If I were you, this isn't something that I would push on.  Will it be the settlement/judgment date that is determinative of whether I’m entitled to anything or is it the date the costs/expenses were incurred? We are doing our best to keep it amicable. We both still love each other. We’ve got two kiddos as well. Thanks for the well wishes. I hope the same. This case won’t settle before you get a divorce so you might not be entitled to anything. But I also don’t know the laws in AZ. It also sounds like you guys are divorcing amicably overall so I hope you can come up with a compromise of what you both feel is “fair” 