 A few weeks ago me and her both got caught carrying illegal drugs. She got caught with a misdemeanor amount of weed and I got caught with codeine(a controlled substance) and we got the police report today and she’s being charged with having coke and not weed What can we do about this. Is there any way we can get the cop fired Cops here don’t wear body cams and he only 3 at the scene of the crime were my friend, the cop, and me We don’t really have cocaine around here so I don’t think so Is it possible he saw the kief from the weed and said that it was coke without testing it  Well Im sure the evidence has been preserved if the cocaine charge is to stick. You need a lawyer to say show us the cocaine. Even a straw with residue would get a possession charge. A few sprinkles of cocaine in the weed could also be the cause of the charge. Did you by the weed from a reputable dealer ? I was there when we both got searched. It all happened in the same room   No. You were in possession of drugs. This might be a clerical error, or your friend might have had other drugs that you didn't know about.  I’ve already been clean for s bit so I should be good for a test and I’ve stayed out of trouble so far. Anything else? In order to get an attorney? No. Otherwise you can stay out of trouble and ensure you don't test positive for your drug tests, which means not using any substances from here out.  Besides getting s public defender is there anything else I can do You do not get to choose your attorney unless you are retaining one privately which you've indicated your family cannot afford.  It’s a pretty small town. Is there any way I can get a different one then I had before. He did a really bad job  Probably not unless you live in a place with few public defenders.  I’ve had a court appointed lawyer in the past. Would I get the same one as last time  No, you two seriously need criminal defense attorneys. If you just go and plead guilty you often get maxed, do not do that. When you go to court, take your parents and indicate that you cannot afford an attorney and ask that one be appointed to you. You and your friend will have different attorneys as well.  We were hoping we could just go and plead guilty in court since neither of us can afford lawyers The cop talked to her mom when he dropped off the papers and also told her mom she was being charged with possession of cocaine She needs to hire a criminal defense attorney. If she can't afford one then she should apply for a public defender. She should not try to talk to the police or prosecutor any further. No that's not what's happening. What is happening is a clerical error, which will be corrected by the criminal defense attorney she hires to defend her from the criminal charges she's facing. 