 First, thank you in advance to all who read this. I'm posting for assistance with getting started making sense of a situation that I am exhausted by and confused with. Of course it stems from family dysfunction and craziness :-) The short summary: I purchased a home with my father nearly a decade ago when my mother became very ill. My father basically took off after the sale and went to live with his long-time mistress, leaving my mother and I in the house with me as her primary caregiver. He returned about 7 years later, after my mom passed away, and filed a lawsuit against me - essentially asserting that I defrauded him into purchasing a home together. The court ordered family mediation. Through mediation we settled on selling the house and splitting the proceeds 50-50; we also agreed that he would pay-back half of the extensive home repairs,property taxes and other costs that he did not pay for the 7 years prior. I tried working with him for nearly 2 years to get the house sold. Despite pushing for the sale, he wouldn't sign a realtor's agreement, nor would he review any of the purchase offers we received. My attorney at the time advised that the only recourse was to present to the court to request a court order enforcing the mediation agreement. I continued to try to contact my father in pursuit of non-legal options, as I could no longer afford the legal ping-pong. I learned in December that my father passed away in November. I would like to move forward with selling the house, but don't know where to begin, and cannot afford extensive legal bills. The ordeal of caring for and supporting my mom, then dealing with my father's frivolous lawsuit have depleted both my savings and my confidence in the legal system. I'm asking for advice on where and how to start, and if possible what I may expect of the proceedings.  Ok, thank you. I appreciate your guidance.  'm not sure about the survivorship right Start with getting the deed and seeing how this is set up. If you have right of survivorship, then the property is now 100% yours If you did not, and it was set up as tenants in common or however else, then finding out more about his will becomes important.  I'm not sure about the survivorship right, as it wasn't something we thought of. We made a cash purchase, and the deed includes both of our names. When we filed for property tax adjustments the first year we listed ourselves as 50-50 owners, but I don't believe that the deed itself listed ownership percentages, just owners. I don't know if he had a will; we were mostly estranged at the time of his passing. How was the deed set up? Jointly owned with right of survivorship, without right of survivorship, etc. Did your father have a will?