 I have two accounts with one bank (Account #1 and Account #2). Due to hardship, I became delinquent. One year ago, I agreed to a separate repayment plan for each account with automatic withdrawals. I was locked out of the online banking website and so was unable to follow the accounts; instead being told to contact them for further questions. For the past year, each month, an automatic withdrawal was made for each account separately and as agreed. This past weekend, I received a letter from a collections agency requesting that I contact them regarding Account #2. I called the bank first and was told I could not receive any information. However, they confirmed that the debt had been sold. I called the company that bought the debt and they told me that it was now being managed by the collection agency. I contacted the collection agency who told me that their records stated that there had been no payments on Account #2 going back several months. I explained that automatic payments had been withdrawn from my bank; as late as this very month. The collection agency representative told me that he believed that the bank may have posted both payments to Account #1 but he could not confirm that information. He suggested I call back to the bank without providing an account number and to have them to research what had happened. Upon speaking with the bank representative of the recovery department, I learned that the bank had, in fact, been posting both payments to Account #1. The representative stated that everything I had said had been documented in both accounts including the repayment plan agreements. Additionally, I have the letter from the bank regarding the plan agreement for Account #2 to which they had not posted payment appropriately. Ultimately, the bank representative stated he would contact his supervisor to have the Account #2 payment stopped so that it would no longer post to Account #1. I contacted the collection agency representative and advised him that his suspicions were confirmed. However, at this time, the collection agency representative told me I have two choices: 1.) to pay 80% of balance in full or 2.) to pay 20% down and then continue my payments as previously agreed. He also stated he would email the account owner and explain the situation to see if I could just continue my payments with Account #2 starting anew. However, he stated that they usually do not agree. I do not have 80% of the balance nor the 20% down payment. A year ago, I had made repayment agreements and paid off what I could to put things in order; and to work to pay off the remainder of my debt. Now, I am faced with possible legal proceedings due to this gross error or incompetence by the bank. What can I do? Location: Houston, TX, USA This is incorrect. The rep you're speaking with may not have that power, but they can correct these issues if you escalate up the chain, especially if you have the documentation backing this up. Do not pay nor agree to pay the collection agency anything, as you would be accepting the debt as valid. Highly recommend you work with the bank directly and any related regulatory agencies instead. Also recommend an executive email carpet bomb. I've used this in the past with great success in dealing with a company that created a duplicate account in my name that went delinquent and into collections. Copy below in case it's helpful. My apologies for the multiple, possibly relevant, likely irrelevant CCs on this email… I’m sure you’re all busy people, and the last thing you need to hear is a customer complaint. a duplicate, invalid account created at {COMPANY} while transferring my home account from one location to another, speaking with {PERSON} in collections at {PHONE NUMBER}. . ${MONEY} past due collections account for this appeared on my credit report, all while I have a primary account, in good standing, with no issue for several years. . … I’ve been very reasonable so far as I understand that systems and process issues do happen, but this is starting to become a significant concern. : {COLLECTIONS COMPANY} account number is #XXX {COMPANY} account number is #XXX . Additionally, I would hope for a change in procedure that would prevent similar issues from falling through the cracks in the future. . ! {MY FULL INFO} Sending this to their CEO, CFO, and entire board membership resulted in their correcting the issue, clearing the collections account and removing the credit hit in a matter of days. If the bank is public (as in a publicly traded company), you'll likely be able to find emails, names, etc... through their SEC filings and investors websites.  ; instead being told to contact them for further questions. If you were locked out of the site, wasn't there tech support you could have called to unlock it? I'm sorry for your situation, but the first mistake you made was not unlocking your account and assuming everything was in order. I would have been checking the accounts frequently. Response time in your situation needed to be immediate in order to quickly remedy and prevent the situation you're in now. If your debt was sold by the time you found out about it, it sounds like you had gone months without even checking on it. Learning lesson: Don't trust auto-payment, and if you do have to use it, check your accounts frequently (which you should do anyway).  &lt;- Should have details. Basically they took both payments for Account #1 and Account #2 and only applied them to Account #1. Then because it looked like only one account was being paid, the other became delinquent. They sent no notices before selling my debt from Account #2 to an outside company who then sent it to a collection agency. The notice from the collection agency was the first sign I received that something was wrong. Yes this is completely the bank’s screw up but they are telling me that because they no longer possess the debt, the problem is no longer theirs. I know this is wrong but I don’t know what I’m able to do about it. My credit has been negatively impacted due to “missed payments” and now I’m having to deal with a collection agency.  Did they say why they require that money now seeing as you have been paying regularly? Because from what you're saying it sounds like it's on them, but then they're changing terms for some reason. Do you know why? Or what did they explain they were doing? How do I find my bank’s regulatory agency contact information? They were both credit cards. I have a letter from the bank confirming agreement to repayment plan. It confirms the payment amount and APR. It does not speak to the automatic payments but my bank statements show them.  Contact the banks regulatory agency. They will be motivated to fix this. Was there a contract between you and the bank regarding the automatic payments?