 I got into a serious motorcycle accident on a Saturday afternoon. Woke up 3hrs later at UCSD medical center. My insurance is Kaiser. Basically, they denied any services performed after the first 24hrs (Sunday afternoon). They said that I was stable enough to be transported to one of their facilities and therefore didn't have to pay. So, UCSD says I'm on the hook for $170,000ish. They might as well be asking for a Billion dollars. I'm in California btw. Please advise!!! However, Kaiser may refuse to authorize a referral outside their system even if they don't have the right specialist []() They never talked to me at all. I tried to get a hold of them. Never could. Report came in the mail about a month later.  Strange, in my experience cops do listen if you mention that somebody fled the scene of an accident they'd caused--and, really, if not for yourself do it for others, because people who drive like that aren't likely to stop until they face consequences for it. (And, all things considered, as far as the driver knows you died and they still didn't stop, so the cops probably will want to find them because you are generally supposed to stick around.) I honestly don't care what you think. I have a very successful practice, and if you don't understand this simple concept, I highly doubt you are a judge. Just google phantom car accidents...a quick look shows that my jurisdiction is far from alone. The problem is that phantom drivers are usually gone, but it still leaves a viable U claim. The problem for OP is that he had liability only and no ability to track the phantom driver. Thus no coverage. This is absolutely ridiculous. Say you are driving, someone merges in your lane unexpectedly. You swerve and hit a pole. Who is at fault? 100% you are. If however, you were to hit the driver that drove into your lane, then that driver will be at fault. If you are really an attorney, which I doubt, and don’t know this 101 in insurance, I am sorry for your clients. Each jurisdiction is different, but in mine I can and have blamed the person who started the series of events. None of this would have happened had that car not pulled out without looking. Actually, I am a federal judge. Actually I am an attorney and I do this for a living. My understanding is not flawed...at least as the law stands in the state where I practice. Nope, you have a very flawed understanding of how the law works. Or you’re just trolling, in which case, you’ve got me and hats off! Nope, you have a very flawed understanding of how the law works. Or you’re just trolling, in which case, you’ve got me and hats off! The person who jumped in front of your car. One of the issues could be is once you are stabilized the most of the liability for treatment falls not on your Insurance company Kasier Health Foundation, but on the Southern California Permanente Medical Great. With any HMO in California once you are stabilized you are supposed to contact your Medical Group, transfer your self to them.  That’s the most absurd thing I heard all week. Imagine someone jumps in front of my car. I have enough room to stop. Instead, I make a u turn and head collide with another car. Who’s at fault here That’s the most absurd thing I heard all week. Imagine someone jumps in front of my car. I have enough room to stop. Instead, I make a u turn and head collide with another car. Who’s at fault here Yeah, I mean “dead” IS pretty stable. Something very similar happened when my Dad got shot. They never transferred angrier he stabilized, and Kaiser paid the bill. Took a couple months, but it was handled, no collections required. People are asses. If Kaiser and the hospital won’t work with you then contact your state’s Division of Insurance and appeal through them. I was just successful this way when my insurance refused to pay a pathology bill because there was no evidence of surgery notwithstanding that they had paid a hospital bill and surgeon bill and one of my internal organs was in a specimen cup. Insurance can be stupid sometimes. Reflexes by nature are not voluntary. From a legal perspective it most certainly is the other driver’s fault. That's a long road to walk for small reward. I know where he pulled out of. It was a shitty run down, 300 sq/ft church. I can't imagine that they would have deep pockets. Then, I have to embark on the task of proving it was them. Don't mean to be too negative, but I'd rather just try and have Kaiser pay for what they're supposed to pay. The fact that an insurance company is trying to renege on their responsibilities is more infuriating than someone being careless in their driving.  I work in health insurance, and I agree with the basic premise that the problem is Kaiser was never notified and given a chance to have the OP transported to a Kaiser facility as soon as he or she was medically stable. The problem is that if UCSD doesn't have a contract with Kaiser, then Kaiser can't force them to do anything, whether it's write off amounts above the allowed amount or notify Kaiser. So it's up to the insured who does have a contract with Kaiser.  If the car was pulling out of a driveway (like, a single-home driveway) then you probably have a pretty good shot at finding the dude/dudette just by waiting around the accident site for his stupid beige SUV to reappear at the end of the workday? Not sure you can prove it was him, but at least you'd have a name and address to sue. Biker could have just come to a stop instead of getting their computer game reflexes take over. What entailed is certainly not the other driver’s fault. Actually, they might give you a cash price. It isn't that uncommon - I would still try escalating with the insurance first, but if that doesn't work, then try talking to the hospital.  Look for cameras near where the person pulled out of the driveway into traffic, you may be able to identify the car.  I realise the accident itself isn't the problem, I'm observing that it might be worth following up on. If you're stuck with having to pay, there might be a chance the other party might be liable for it, if you can find them. Seriously, speak to a lawyer. Do not say you were at fault to anyone. Person that pulled out of the drive way into traffic failed to yield thus causing the accident. I hope things get resolved for you.  There was. It said that no other vehicles were involved. Motorcycle rider veered into oncoming traffic for unknown reasons.  They didn't stick around. The guy was probably all like, "Oh wow...didn't even see that bike. Oh, look he's tumbling down the street... Sucks to be him. I think I need some Chic-fil-a..." Drives off in his stupid beige SUV  Hard to say at this point. I'm thinking the chargemaster price... The accident itself isn't the problem. I wasn't at fault, but the police report didn't have any other people involved. Basically, the guy who pulled out in front of me didn't stick around. The one witness said I swerved into traffic, but couldn't really say why because he only saw when I went down. I'm not liable for anything other than my own medical bills. I didn't have comp/collision insurance. The lawyer, I believe, would come into play if all appeals fails. Pulling out from a driveway into oncoming traffic is typically the fault of the person who failed to yield to oncoming traffic. Is there a police report about that? That would be great if that were the case (and it very well may be true). The surgeon probably only has a relatively lay knowledge of how most patients' billing situations are resolved. You can contact the hospital's billing department of you want a more accurate answer from the hospital's perspective. Keep escalating and filling disputes with Kaiser. I had Kiaser for one year and this is what I had to do.in order for them to pay a bill. It took many months though. This isn’t your fault. It is what we call a miss and run. The car that pulled out caused the accident. If they stayed, contact their insurance. You would not have swerved had they not pulled out of the driveway. Don’t admit to anyone that you think it was your fault. Talk to a lawyer immediately. It’s free and if you have a good case they charge you nothing unless you win/get a settlement. Is the $170k the chargemaster price, or the insurance negotiated price?  You should speak to a lawyer. If there are witnesses and you really did have to swerve, then you may not be strictly liable. According to the EMTALA it means "no material deterioration in the condition is likely, within reasonable medical probability, to result from or occur during the transfer of the individual from a facility"--this would be a legal definition of the term and not a medical one, according to my source. I would note that at no point in that definition is there a requirement that you be conscious...or, for that matter, alive. Are you the only income in the family? I'm actually assisting with an application currently, and \~$80k for a 7 person family would put you in the 75% write off category for this particular hospital (no clue about UCSD's guidelines though). Never hurts to submit an application. I just looked at my card... Dang it, it does say! But who thinks of looking at the back of the card! I did have a conversation with the surgeon who worked on me about payment. He said something along the lines of: since we're billing under the same incident, it'll be covered. This happens all the time. You're not the first Kaiser patient.  Gotcha. I think you still have a strong argument though. At the end of the day, it was the hospital’s responsibility to either discharge or transfer or keep you. I’m on the hospital financial side of things, so I’m not too familiar with what constitutes “stabilized”, but I wonder how Kaiser could have expected you to know you were stabilized. I’m sure you didn’t demand to stay at UCSD if you had known, and I really think the hospital is at fault here for not figuring it out with Kaiser while you were still a patient. Lots of medical claims that are assigned as the patient’s responsibility get written off by the hospital. I think you should be able to fight UCSD and Kaiser on this and possibly get this claim written off. At the very least, they should be able to offer you a large discount. Worth a shot!  Good idea, probably not going to happen. I make around 80k a year. I know it seems like a lot, but it's not. We're a family of 7 total. We don't live super austere life but not extravagant at all. We have a few hundred left over each month and that's about it.  My Kaiser insurance card says that I must call them as soon as I'm stabilized. The question here is what the actual signed paperwork says and what is considered "stabilized". 1. For all intents and purposes, yes. It was my fault. A car pulled out in front of me from a driveway. I swerved to miss the car and went into oncoming traffic. Swerved again to miss the oncoming car and then the bike came out from under me. I remember the half second before I went down, then I woke up in the hospital. 2. I only had liability on the bike. 3. Don't think that they can give you a "cash" price. But, I know that they have one. I think it's a matter of semantics. 4. In any case, they would have to give me a 99% discount...highly unlikely.  It seems like it was UCSD’s responsibility to either obtain authorization for the provided services or transfer you to a Kaiser facility if they thought you were stable, which they failed to do. I would definitely appeal with Kaiser and let them know that this was out of your hands. Some insurance contracts have language stipulating that the hospital can’t pursue patients for denied services, especially emergency services, because of the hospital’s failure to comply with Kaiser guidelines. Appeal with Kaiser and also appeal with UCSD since they’re the one sending you the bill. I think you have a shot here! Escalating the claim is obviously going to be your first step, but I'd also recommend looking into financial assistance from the hospital. It's usually based on your financial means as evaluated against the federal poverty level. I know multiple people who have received full write-offs of emergency medical bills from similar programs. Are you at fault for the motorcycle accident? What does your car insurance say? You can also ask The hospital what the cash price is for your care. The price they gave you is what they bill insurance, not what a cash patient has to pay.  Just got the letter on Thursday. I'm going to work on this tomorrow. 