 I’ll try to make this as simple as possible. I already know the downside to dissolving my 401k, but it’s a small price to pay for my freedom. Wife and I are cordial and we parent well together, but we really aren’t compatible any more, and both of us are ready to move on. We have about 25k in debt outside of our mortgage. I have 35k in a 401k. As part of the divorce, is there any legal hangup with me signing over the entire balance, her assuming the 25k debt, and then cashing out the 401k to pay off that debt? Our only other option would be to sell the house, which has a good chunk of equity, but we both really want our children to grow up here, and you really can’t rent in our area for less than we pay for our mortgage. We both worked extremely hard to provide this for our children, it’s a great neighborhood, great community, good schools, close to both of our jobs, and it’s in an area where property prices continue to climb. We could sell it when the kids graduate and split the equity.  Yeah, everybody thinks its a non-issue until things go wrong. You didn't predict you would be getting a divorce I imagine, either. Sometimes despite everyone's best efforts things dont go as well as planned. Since when divorced you have very limited options to make you ex do anything, its better if you cut your financial ties so both parties are free to move forward. If she makes enough to cover the mortgage have her do an assumption. Get your name off the mortgage. When its off, quitclaim the house to her. She buys you out of the house, you keep the 401k. Home equity loan to pay off the debt before you split. Everything nice and clean, finances disentangled. You dont have to care how well she keeps up the house. You can qualify for a mortgage because your name is no longer on the house. From a tax perspective, that's a better answer than you cashing out the 401(k) to pay the debt. You get a QDRO to transfer it to her. She cashes it out and pays income tax, but no early withdrawal penalty. You cash it out, you pay both income tax and the 10% early withdrawal penalty. Well she’s not crazy, irresponsible, or vindictive. She makes enough to cover PITI comfortably, and if she wanted to let the house go, we would already be set on selling it. Plus, she can’t just not pay the mortgage and expect to find a house cheaper than what we are already paying. I will be moving out. I’m already planning on discussing things with an attorney, but still curious if this is an option. She’s already entitled to half the 401k, so I’m not losing out on a terrible amount. I can recoup any loses in 3 years time. It’s a non issue as I see it.  Cars/credit cards for the most part. We are sitting at about 23% equity, so not really enough to relieve the monthly financial burden. The whole goal is to be able to make a comfortable monthly budget for the both of us after divorce and still be able provide the kids’ extracurriculars that they have been doing for years now. Separating is going to be a strain on them and I won’t pull them out their activities, so those have to stay. The housing/rental market sucks here. Studio apartments rent for about $1000-1200/month. Three bedroom rental after I move out is going to cost at least $1800/month and those are hard to come by.  Uh, yeah. What do you do when she cashes out the 401k and doesnt pay the debt? You now have no savings and 25 k in debt. Your creditors dont just take you off the debt because you tell them you " gave it to your wife" in the divorce. And what happens when she can't or won't pay the mortgage or taxes on the house? You pay it or get the hit to your credit report. Or lose the asset. Or are you both going to continue to live there? With assets at this level, you should do the divorce with lawyers. Its not as expensive as you think, and its cheaper than going back to court to fix your mistakes. What is the $25k in debt for? Credit cards, cars, personal loans, or ? Is there enough equity in the house to take out a second mortgage or refinance while you are still together to pay off the $25k debt instead?