 Hello, Im in love with someone that i've known for over 6 years of my life but he is older than I am by 5 years. Where do I stand as far as having a relationship with him.  What about kissing? Where does that fall? I love him very much and it would give of the opportunity to focus on the emotional connection before the physical. You can “have a relationship,” only in a very frustrating and limited sense. No sexual activity. No nude pictures exchanged. No steamy text messages in which he describes how s/he would perform sexual activities with you. No conversations in which s/he proposes future sex acts. But you can legally hold hands, call each other boyfriend/girlfriend, and stroll through the county art museum discussing the nuances of Paul Cézanne’s still life works. Wait til you’re 18.  No. You have no legal issue. He could go to prison for felony statutory rape Penal Code 261.5 PC =PEN sectionNum=261.5. and this may help too  so to reiterate, even though im 17, we can be in a relationship legally until im 18 as long as we do not have sex? could you possibly provide anything that would further back this up? I just need to be sure before i do this...  yep, as long as you're both 18 it's fine. We have not had sex, nor have we entertained the idea of a relationship because I havent expressed how i feel. Assuming we were to wait till im the age of consent, would a relationship still be legal until then? So there isnt any bit of law that would support a history developed bewteen us that would prove otherwise?  Not unless you're married. The age of consent is 18 in California. Keep it under wraps until you turn 18 because they can go to jail.  So there is no legal standing otherwise? Even though there is a clear history between us developed?  Well im 17 but i've known this person throughout my life! He's not just some random person, he's practically apart of my family Unfortunately the age of consent in CA is 18 with no exceptions. If he were less than 3 years older than you it would only be a misdemeanor, but because he's more than 3 years older it's a felony. 17 and in CA This isn’t really a legal advice question...unless you’re a minor? It depends on what state you live in and how old you are.