 [New York City]. My wife works as a barista at a small coffeeshop in Manhattan. This week, the owner asked her to sign a document allowing him to collect a fee from her. As she related this to me, he explained that this fee is the equivalent of the cost of transaction fees his card terminal company charged him against the cost of tips processed by her via credit cards. That is, if in the last fiscal year she received $1000.00 in tips on credit card payments, and his terminal company charges his business 3.5%, she should give him back $35 based on his "loss" due to transaction costs. I don't have too strong of a business background, but it seems ridiculous that he's asking an employee to pay back a fee that he incurred by using a specific terminal company. He's a bit of a shady character and has had the tendency to pinch pennies in every direction, so even though this amount only comes out to about $100, I am not sure what legal basis he has for this. Additionally, he was asking her to sign a form allowing this right as she was closing out and would not let her take it home for us to review it together. Altogether, it's hard for me to ascertain what the cause behind this is. I appreciate any help on this!  With future payments watch out. I've never seen a company charge that high of a percent. Even PayPal only does 2.9%. Most businesses are under 2%. He might be inflating that number. Thanks for that answer! Reading NY Labor Laws, this is what I thought - It seems that he can deduct a percentage equal to credit card transaction fees on her paycheck, but cannot ask for that money back once its paid out. Some more info - it seems that the system he had in place was that employees would take credit card tips out of the till in cash at the end of each day, and he would subtract the equivalent amount from paychecks. This is where it gets messy - I think he was just lazy with the payroll and didn't want to calculate transaction fees on paychecks, and figured he'd make it up at the end of the year. Last point is well taken - she is looking for another job.  Nope! Not legal. An employer can not retroactively change an employees wages, deductions, vacation time, etc. They are free to charge this fee moving forward, but she's not on the hook for any of the money last year. I sure hope she didn't actually sign that consent form, as that's going to cause problems if she did. He'll likely deduct the amount, your wife will have to file a wage claim, he'll provide the signed note, he claim will be denied and then she'll have to appeal (which should could win). It's probably time to have her start looking for another job tho. While it would be illegal to fire someone as a retaliation for filing a wage claim, shady employers tend to do shady things. At the end of the day, it's up to her if this fight is worth the $100. She's completely in the right here and shouldn't have to pay that money. But, being right isn't always the easiest path. Just sayin' He's asking for her to actually return that 3.5% (I am using that number as an example btw) of all her credit card tips from the last year. His reasoning is that he lost this money due to transaction fees that were on money he didn't profit from.  Are they asking her to actually pay something back? Or is this just saying going forward they will withhold 3.5% of her tips?