 Obligatory sorry for mobile blahblah A girl where I work filed a complaint against me for sexual harassment. In the letter she wrote regarding what happened she said that I tried to force her to kiss me while backing her into a corner and she said that I groped her at work. Initially she was coming on to me, and was very flirty and huggy, and she even sent me texts after she got my number without my permission from our work schedule. Some of the texts have hearts and her asking me to bring her stuff to work. These have all been seen by the company’s lawyer and I talked to them about the claim. I would have been fired immediately (zero tolerance policy, understandably) but management knows me and they had a hard time believing what she was saying. It’s been a few months and while I’ve been pretty much proven innocent (many people witnessed her asking me for hugs etc. and no one witnessed anything she has claimed and even her story itself has changed, location and the like.) However if she had succeeded then what would have happened is this: I lose my job, then I can’t pay rent and lose my apartment, then I move home from my college town and presumably lose my GF who I live with because distance, and this goes on my record fucking my future up somewhat. What I want to know is what can I do legally about this? She still works at the same job with me and they even schedule us at the same times some days. The week after I was made aware of what was happening I had 2 anxiety attacks, and my hours originally where changed from my preferred hours to where I would avoid her as much as possible. Is this slander? Emotional trauma? She almost ruined my life and all she got was basically “Hey don’t do that” while I was a nervous wreck for weeks.  Thank you for this. It seems as if I’ll have to just ‘suck it up buttercup’. Not the happiest ending but at least I know where I stand now! Sure, if she made provably false statements about you that caused you to lose out financially, then you would sue her for the damages. In the situation you outlined, you may be entitled to lost wages. Moving, losing your gf, emotional damage, etc are extremely difficult to prove. Most people get another job or apply for EI when they lose a job. It wouldn't really be her fault if you lost your house and gf. But that's all hypothetical, I can't say for sure without an actual situation. If something like this did happen, your best bet would be to seek out an employment lawyer. One last thing, and that is that it is very difficult to "prove" that someone lied about sexual harassment. I know it doesn't sound fair, but the common feeling is that it is difficult for women to come forward as it is, without the fear of legal repercussions. Once again, I'm not saying that is the case in your situation, but it is one of the reasons for policies like "zero-tolerance", etc. 