 My realtor is encouraging me to accept a deal where we increase the sale price of our house by a relatively small amount and give that amount back to the buyer in cash. They want the cash to make an improvement (not a repair) to the property. This sounds like fraud to me. Thanks for your help. It's usually in the offer if the buyer needs the money to close. Sometimes concessions are added to an agreement after something is discovered at inspection. Just about every purchase offer is contingent on financing and inspection. So why would a seller ever agree to this, unless the buyer is not under contract and says it's a dealbreaker condition to his offer? If the buyer pitches this after offer and acceptance, how is this any different from a buyer saying "I know we agree on $200,000, but I really want to pay you $199,400"? Yes, you do end up paying a larger commission and anything else that is a factor of the purchase price, like taxes. But if the price is increased by $10,000 and the agent is getting a 6% commission, doesn't that mean the seller is only getting a net increase of $9,400? Would the seller then kick $10,000 back to the buyer or $9,400? Your post has been removed for the following reason(s): Generally Unhelpful, Simplistic, Anecdotal, or Off-Topic Your comment has been removed as it is generally unhelpful, simplistic to the point of useless, anecdotal, or off-topic. It either does not answer the legal question at hand, is a repeat of an answer already provided, or is so lacking in nuance as to be unhelpful. Please review the following rules before commenting further: [Commenting Rules 1](), [2](), [3](), [4](), [6](), [8](), and [9](). Please [read our subreddit rules](). If after doing so, you believe this was in error, or you’ve edited your post to comply with the rules, [message the moderators](=%2Fr%2FLegalAdvice). Do not reach out to a moderator personally, and do not reply to this message as a comment. I think youre probably right and it's why I would pass too I'm a realtor in TX, and this is common... I will not participate in this kind of situation unless the lender is also ok with it though. As an agent, the lender is not a party to the deal, and so I do not have to inform them of this agreement. In this situation, they might have told you that they would send the amendment to the title/escrow company, but not to the lender. I'm not a lawyer, and so I do not know if this is fraud or not. The one time this came up, I asked the lender if they would be ok with this deal, and they said no. Regardless of what the money’s labeled as being for, in the end it’s just going on the balance sheet and reduces the amount of the check they have to bring to closing. My guess is that they wouldn’t be walk away with literal money, just keeping more of their own money. This is quite common with first-time buyers or buyers with limited cash reserves. They are financing some extra cash on top of the property’s asking price to give them a little more financial breathing room. The only potential downfall for you is a slightly higher Realtor commission. Unless you have people lining up to offer you the same price with no concessions, it’s probably not worrying about. I’m the seller. The buyer will make the improvement after they take possession. I don't have an opinion on this but am wondering why they are making an improvement to a house that they are leaving? (Of course making an improvement in order to make the house more appealing for buyers makes sense - in advance of finding a buyer.) Will they be making the improvement before you close? If not, why don't you just keep the price as is and do the improvement yourself? That way it will be done to your satisfaction. I wouldn't trust someone to do an expensive improvement after you've already turned over money (or committed to do so), knowing they'd be gone and likely unreachable if there are any issues. Are they making the improvement because you want it but just don't have the cash on hand to do it? Usually, it cant exceed the total of the buyer's closing costs, but since these can be upwards of $10-12k, that's usually not an issue. In practice it mainly means that the buyer gets to keep their cash in their pocket for whatever project they have in mind. Completely normal. Yes, but it depends if it's in there. Basically whether it's fraud comes down to whether it's this $250k- House $10k- Improvements $260k- Total Or $260k House Wink wink $10k back to buyer. Obviously the latter is fraud That's fine. Those terms should all be in the purchase agreement, which is disclosed to the lender. As long as the property appraises for the increased value, the lender shouldn't have an issue. Sounds like it’s as you described, no bags of cash. They want the money to make an improvement though not for closing costs. I’ll make sure there lender knows before agreeing to it. Wouldn’t the lender see the final contract?  This is quite common--it is called "Seller's Concessions" in the real estate industry and it is almost certainly disclosed to all parties, especially if a title company is involved. You're basically agreeing to increase the sale price and then use the increase to pay for the buyer's closing costs. It's often used as a way to help a buyer that can't quite make the down payment. There is nothing wrong with this--the only potential issue is that the property will have to appraise at the increased amount for the loan to go through without issue. Edit: To protect yourself, insist on it all being in writing and that the concessions be paid at closing by the title company. If by "cash" you mean bags of cash, then yes--that's fishy. 18 USC 1001 - Lying in a mortgage application is a federal crime. By misrepresenting the price with a cash kickback, the buyer is violating this statute. The inflated price also increases the agent’s commission, as it is typically a percentage of the price at closing. It depends if it is disclosed to everyone, and by everyone I mean the bank writing the mortgage. If they are cool with it then nothing illegal is going on, if they don't know then it is illegal, and fraud If they're financing the property, and if they haven't disclosed the cash-back agreement, then this is mortgage fraud and you would be a willing participant. Your realtor's pushing some professional boundaries by encouraging this, as well, as the increased price increases their commission but doesn't benefit you and may even put you at some risk. Hard pass.