 My friend bought a house and is renting out the rooms to me, his GF, and another friend to pay his mortgage. None of us has a formal lease, we pay a flat rate that he gave us when we moved in. His girlfriend told me he was talking to her about raising our rent and cited reasons such as him being charged with how much internet we use (is that a real thing?) and the fact that our water is going to start being metered in 6 months. He said he is no longer making money and the utilities are up so much lately that it is now costing him money. The other roommate and I were gone most of the summer so that didn't make much sense. He doesn't keep up with maintenance like a landlord normally would, and he is also not the best roommate, he never cleans the house, his GF and I do, and he always leaves dishes in the sink for days (we have talked to him about it but he thinks he is more exempt because he owns the house), and because of that I think our rent is fair at the moment, he pretty much has two live-in maids. Since he owns the house can he just raise the rent like that for no reason? I think having no legal agreement is biting me in the ass now. Is there anything I can do to prevent this? Or do we just have to suck it up? Thanks for the tip! In CA, he needs to give you 60 day notice to raise the rent more than 10%, and 30 day notice to raise it 10% or less. :-( bummer, but thank you! Thank you! Thanks! that helped The lack of possessing a legal agreement means many things. The landlord raising the rent without proper notice is one of them. You are also free to not accept the new "terms" and move out without penalty.  He doesn't need reasons. So long as he gives proper notice, and there's no state law prohibiting it (which is unlikely, but your state matters) then he can raise the rent.  Without a lease, your landlord can raise or lower your rent almost whenever they want, provided you're given proper, advance notice -- the amount of notice you're entitled to is likely dependent on your location. In most states and cities in the USA, the landlord doesn't need a reason to raise the rent -- "Just because" is all they reason they need to give you. The amount of notice you're owed varies from place to place, but I can't think of anywhere in the western hemisphere, off the top of my head, where a live-in roomer has the benefits of any form of rent control. You're haggling over timing and over whether you're willing to continue under the new rent, not over the rent itself.