 Hello, Reddit! Before I start, I'm deepy sorry for any formatting and spelling issues. I'm on an old galaxy s6, and this thing has been through the ringer. That being said... A bit of a backstory. I've always had a core group of friends that I regularly played with over Xbox Live, and I'm very trusting. Every night in the fall of 2010, I could be heard (loudly) playing Halo Reach with my buddies, much to the dismay of my relatives. We played, talked, and shared plenty. I still know and hang with plenty of them regularly, save for one special little bastard from Texas. We'll call him Car guy. You see, Car guy made a living as a freight broker. He'd been doing it for years, and had a nice little setup for himself. Sure, the name of his business would change once in a while, but he seemed like an upstanding guy who found a way to make a solid buck from the comfort of his own home. He'd a list of leads from a company in New York, post their information on a board, and truckers would offer a price. He'd take that price, add a little something extra, and sell his offer to the customer. I always thought of him as legitimate, and because I was none the wiser, I contacted him. My pops lives in Connecticut, and had just got back from a vacation from North Carolina last summer. It was a beautiful area with no shortage of beaches and sunshine, and unfortunate car breakdowns to boot. His Ford F150 ran into some transmission problems, and he had to leave it behind at a shop before heading home. The shop couldn't fix it, so he was thinking about hiring somebody to haul it up for us. Immediately, I think of Car guy. Who better to help us find a trucker willing to do the job, and for a fair price? I called him up, and he agreed to help us out. "I wont be making any money on this, don't worry about it" he said. Well, he found someone willing to deliver the truck for a cool $900. I made the worst decision I've made in years, and loaned my pops more than half of that to help him get it home. We bought a money order, and mailed it to Car guy overnight at his request. Should've used my credit card. Car guy was convincing, and cunning. He kept me updated whenever I'd call, but wouldn't tell me who he hired. He'd tell me exactly when our Ford was to be picked up, but always had a reason for not giving me contact information. "I'm out right now, I'll send it to you later." 3 days later. "Oh man, I've been so busy. Let me get back to you tonight.". The day comes, and Car guy tells me the trucker had refused to pick up our Ford F150. For some reason or another, he couldn't wrangle it. Car guy says not to worry, but it takes 30 days to get a refund. We're already a few red flags deep, but this one was pretty big, consodering the owner of the shop, nor any of his employees, knew anything about anybody trying to pick up the car. Well, 30 days come and go. He tells me that they only refunded $200, and that he had already put a claim against their bond(?). I was furious at that point, and was desperately trying to get more information out of this company/trucker he hired. He gave me nothing, making excuses at every turn. My trust was entirely squandered at that point, and I did something I should've done from the very beginning and googled him. My god. The lengths this man went to in order to steal a quick buck were outright disgusting. He's lied to a victim about his wife being in labor with their first child, that he was being arrested and will have his phone taken away as evidence, and that his grandfather had passed away out of state without a will. In sort of a lackluster yet expected confrontation in which he refused to even send me the supposed $200 they refunded, he blocked me over every platform of contact. Phone, facebook, email, you name it. So, I guess my problem is that I live in Connecticut and he lives in Texas. Unless I'm willing to fly across the country and lose my job to take him on in small claims, I doubt there's anything I can do. Thoughts? TL;DR An online friend from Texas offered to help broker a deal and have our car moved up to our home in CT, took the money, and dragged me on for months with lies before disappearing like last weeks paycheck. Yep, that was the expected answer. Unfortunate but true. It's rough to be flipped over by someone I've known for years and years. Just like my cheating ex, I guess you can never really know someone when it comes down to the bone. I guess the only thing you can do is take this as a learning experience. Be honest in your dealings, but don't expect anyone else to do the same till they prove themselves. Sorry to hear he took advantage of you like that.