 What options do I have here, I called them and asked them why I'm getting back less than a hundred bucks. They said it will be coming in the next few days since I moved out Dec 31st. Their breakdown goes as stated over the phone $892 for painting $130 for cleaning $240 for labor $120 miscellaneous The house was deep cleaned for $550.00 and steam cleaned the carpets for $250 the day of move out. I have all receipts. All small/large holes were spackled/primed/painted with the house paint left there when they built it. We were there for 2 years and a couple months. During move out I didn't even think to take pictures because the place was absolutely pristine. leasing agent made a few notes about getting the screen fixed due to the dog and a blind fixed from a reed diffuser, but never wrote down any major damage or painting needed on the check out forms that we both signed. He said we would get back 50-60% by a guess, which I was expecting more anyways. Main complaints were as follows Small scratches on fridge, smudges on walls, few nicks on wall, smudges downstairs, rust stain in dishwasher, 6 lightbulbs out, dusty drapes, dusty light fixtures, scuffs in entry way, food stuck in disposal, mold/mildew in washer downstairs. Nothing besides scuffs and smudges on the walls, as the rest were spackled and would've never known pictures were hung up My first order of business is to get the itemized list of all "damages" from chapter 47-16-07.1c in our code book. All things mentioned above besides the screen door are listed as normal wear and tear on the MNHousing.gov website and cant be taken out of the security deposit without a legitimate burden of proof. Were in ND though, but its the closest thing I have to go off of. Where do I go from here? any help is appreciated  I would almost definitely speak to a lawyer. Even the mere threat of legal proceedings might frighten your landlord into rethinking. I do believe the onus of proof is on your landlord to prove to the court that you did indeed cause $1411 worth of damage. 