 This whole situatiom started about a week ago in a undisclosed city in Ontario, Canada. (For those of you who are interested in knowing the city I am sure you can find out, stalk away.) Anywho, here is the story; So as my girlfriend left my apartment building and got into her car, she failed to do a complete check of her surroundings before reversing, and ended up backing into a vehicle. The only damage done was to the vehicle that she collided with. As the driver was not present at the scene, I called over a witness who took down our information and took pictures, and he sent us on our way. Flash forward to later that day, I had not recieved a phonecall from anyone about a damaged vehicle so I became worried that the witness failed to report the incident to anyone. (Should be noted that the witness lives in the building opposite of mine, in the same complex. Said he would give the info to management for me, never followed through.) As I felt odd about not recieving a call I returned to my building a few hours later only to encounter a very angry guy in the superintendents office who proceeded to yell and curse at me. (Even though it is evident in the video that info was given and pictures were taken, although in his defense my girlfriend backed into his car so he has every right to be upset.) To make the rest of a long story short, he opted not to go through insurance, I have worked out a payment plan to get him paid and have paid back 75% of the cost in less than a week. (He claims 1350 for a dented bumper and busted grill.) However, throughout our contact with one another he has repeatedly called me throughout the night (at one point 15 times even after being directly told to stop), has cursed at me calling me a fuck face, has taken up calling me from two different numbers, has sent threatening messages accusing me of being a cop, and also a long message was left at 12am one morning of what sounds like a few guys fighting and a girl trying frantically to stop it. (Which is when the threatening texts accusing me of being a cop vegan.) He has also offered to go through his insurance and not talk about my girl or her car, and that we could work something out after that. On top of those past tid-bits he also solicited me with oxycontin and percocets which I willfully declined. I am just wondering what to do about this situation to best protect myself and my girlfriend. Do I have any legal leverage here? I live in Ontario, Canada. Should be added that we gave him all our contact info, full name, license plate, etc and he has not given us any info besides an obviously fake name and a phone number.("Alex", this guy is fresh off the boat palestinian, not that it couldn't be his name but he told me that's just what people call him. No racism intended.) Any info is greatly appreciated!! What is a a cop vegan? You can report the harassment to the police. This is why you let your auto insurance handle all accidents.