 I (M31) was in a 3 year relationship with my ex (F32) that ended this past summer. A month prior she came to me and asked that I help her with a financial issue she had debt at several different check cashing places and was having issues with the multiple payments and high interest rates putting a strain continually on her cash flow, so I agreed to help her by consolidating them all into a personal loan with one low payment and low interest. Fast forward to now she’s made the payments regularly until the last 2 months when at the advice of her ex she started making several questionable comments that indicated that she was considering not following through on her commitment on the advice of her ex. As of now she’s avoiding me completely and won’t answer calls or texts even though all of our conversations have been amicable and friendly as the breakup was a mutual decision. Do I have any options other than taking the loss and paying it myself? HELP!!! Should be, yes. That would be great to have. Oh and I live in the state of Kansas  She’s paid about 800 dollars so far so I know the bank has her on camera making the payments and the receipts show that it was payed specifically towards the loan taken out for her.  In this situation she went with me to the bank and the loan officer she’s been making payments with understood our agreement and the purpose of the loan. And I do have receipts with multiple peoples names who helped her process the payments with awareness of the situation. Would that be enough?  You can sue her. If you're in a state that has a high enough limit on small claims, you can sue her in small claims court (If you're in canada, IDk what the rules are). Small claims cases over personal loans are common, but they do generally require more than just one person claiming the loan was made and the other claiming it was a gift (or that it never happened). If you have anything from her (emails, text messages, etc.) in which she indicated acknowledgement that she owed you money (like a text saying "Sorry I don't have this month's payment yet" -- or better yet showing her saying that her boyfriend told her not to pay you any more) that can go a long way. Often, these break out with one person denying that a loan existed at all -- and if you can show evidence that there was a loan, that makes the other person a liar, makng you more likely to win. Or with one party saying it was a gift and not a loan -- in which case showing her acknowledgment of a duty to repay it can swing things your way. It all of course might depend on local rules and specific facts, so I'm not saying "sue her, you'll win". I'm saying that if the facts are on your side and you have evidence to support your claim -- even a text message -- then it is possible for you to win. Small claims. How much has she paid back already though? The fact that she was giving you payments monthly might help your case.