 I went on a dating app, starting talking to a girl (girl A). Before talking to her, there was another user who initiated a conversation with me and upfront told me she was 14. I was not looking to talk to any underage girls so I kindly told her I was not interested. Back to the main story, because of the under aged girl before, I asked girl A if she was 18 and she said yes (mind you this app requires users to be 18+ and uses face verification to verify their users-- I now know that this system DOES NOT WORK). I took her word for it and I didn't have anything else to be suspicious about so we continue conversing. This is a dating app, so I don't think it's too weird for the conversation to get a bit sexual. Cutting to the chase, I asked her if she wanted to see an sexually explicit picture and she said yes, so I sent her one. I never asked for her to send anything back, and she never did sent me any pictures. Other than that, we only used messaging (words) to talk about other sexual things. I never asked to meet up nor do anything physical. Later on, she gave me her instagram handle and I looked her up and found out through one of her pictures that she's actually 14. Immediately, blocked her on the app and reported her. I also deleted my account on the dating app and uninstalled it. FYI: I am of age, over 18. I don't know if she'll report me or if her parents will get involved at all because I only spoke to her for about an hour before it went south. It's been a month and I am confused and stressed because I literally did not intend for this to happen. I really don't want to get in trouble nor get a criminal record. Please advise. Agreed 100% Thank-you. There's absolutely nothing you can do about this right now. Delete the pictures, the app and block any contact with this girl. If the police come knocking, ask to speak with a lawyer and don't say another word. Morally, you haven't done anything wrong, but that doesn't mean you can't be charged with a crime. In this day and age, that can be just as harmful as a conviction. So forget this ever happened. Tell no one, and if anyone contacts you, ask for a lawyer. Also, I'll say this just in case, but if her "dad", "uncle", "friendly police officer" calls you or sends you a message asking you to pay for therapy for the girl instead of calling the police, it's a scam and probably the most common one we see on here. 