 So I went on a 4 day trip to visit my boyfriend and got an Airbnb. It was on the 7th floor, a studio apartment. The moment I walk in, I notice that the blinds were already damaged of the window of the place. When I touched it once - to try to lightly pull the blind down - it wouldn’t budge. It was already all tangled up and knitted so I couldn’t do anything, so I just left it the way it was exactly. And since I’m on the 7th floor, no one could see inside the room anyways so I slept the 4 days with my blinds wide open. It’s been a week since, and the Airbnb host contacted me today saying that she noticed the blinds were damaged and wants to fine me over $200 dollars for it. She told me I was the last guest at her place, and I messaged her back explaining her my situation but I am afraid and I don’t know what more I can do to prove my innocence. I’ve told her the blinds were already damaged, but I admit touching it once in attempts to close it for privacy, but it wouldn’t budge at all so I left it exactly the way it was, and that it was remained open the 4 days I spent it there. What can I do about this? Or am I in the fault for touching the already-broken blinds? Any advice or help would be nice. Thanks. As others have noted, this may get you banned from AirBnB by using airbnb, you are agreeing to work out disputes on their terms. it's kind of like paypal, ebay, amazon, etc, where they arbitrate the disputes. if you go through the airbnb arbitration process for property damage, and lose out on the $200, you can simply chargeback the amount and 98%+ you will win the dispute and not be charged. (keep in mind though, that airbnb is totally within their right to blacklist you from their service for charging back.) after all this, you can still of course be sued civilly for the value of the blinds (but very unlikely over $200). Contact airbnb and tell them the situation and tell the renter to file a claim, mainly they arbitrate and everything is on paper. I had a similar issue and the lady started saying I created moldy water damage on the top floor where the attic is above (in 3 days..???), scratching pans, all kinds of shit. The thing that saved me is talking to airbnb and they saw she was changing her story and changing quotes and being erratic. Airbnb lady said in the future, video tape everything to show all damages at the property. It ended with that so I don't know what steps you should take after, maybe lawyer up, but I'd speak with airbnb.  Call Airbnb. Do not message, they can go days before replying. You will be assigned a case manager who will mediate. The host should have had a security deposit listed on their page, that you agreed to at the time of booking. Not all hosts have it, Airbnb can confirm for you since hosts can edit their page at any time. If they did not have a security deposit , there isn't much they can do. If they did, it is up to the Airbnb Case manager to determine if it's valid. Show what proof you have. The case manager makes the final decision, but ultimately they cannot charge your card without permission. Also, please do this BEFORE check out. Waiting until after makes it harder. They may even cover some, if not all of the fee if they see fit.  IANAL. Was there a security deposit? If the host is just asking you to pay for the damage, say you didn’t do it. Not much they can do. In the future report damage on arrival, had a friend get a hotel room and noticed a hole in the wall and didn’t report it because it didn’t bother him. They kept his security deposit because he was the last to use the room and didnt report it, nothing he could do. If there wasn’t a security deposit on the Airbnb then just stick to telling them you didn’t cause the damage, I don’t think there’s a lot they can do without being able to show you did the damage. Dispute the charge by issuing a charge back to Airbnb. This is easily done by calling your bank and reporting the $200 charge as fraud. Report it to Airbnb. Airbnb and your bank will have to open an “investigation” which will require landlord to prove you caused the damage   In a civil dispute, it would be up to the plaintiff to prove you did it, not up to you to prove you didn't. Given that they've had multiple guests in, your defence that it was already like that when you got there is pretty solid. You don't need to do much, ultimately. You already told them you didn't break it. If they follow up through AirBNB, work with their customer service folks and cross your fingers. If they take you to small claims separately, file a response and show up, but you shouldn't have much trouble. Do you have any pictures or videos of the blinds when you got there?