 Looking for some help here. I have a coworker who has gone off the grid. Haven’t heard from him days. Have been to his condo multiple times never there. While I am very concerned about him( a whole other issue)I am also concerned about his two dogs. They have been left crates in his condo(can see through the window). They have been out of food and water for multiple days now. Animal control is waiting on warrant before they can do something about it and apparently warrant takes a lot longer than one might think. What would it look like if someone broke in to feed and water dogs and then left? What would it look like if someone broke in and took the dogs? Thank you in advance.  Hmmmm...do the moral thing. Nope. Has not been since Thursday. Check multiple times a day.  Forgot to ask is his car at the property?  Is it illegal to enter property that isn’t yours? Yes... are you generally concerned for your friend...yes? Is your friend worth possibly going to jail over? (Your answer here) if you are in Texas if you enter someone’s home they can shoot you without any questions asked...all I will say.  This is a condo he owns? Knock on a neighbour's door, explain the situation and see if you can get ahold of the condo board, they may have a way to get into the apartment.  That’s how I feel, but not sure what that looks like. If someone else who was equally as concerned happened to notice the window was open and went in, fed and gave water to the dogs, and then left without being seen could there be legal problems? Just speaking off the term here. If I was in say an accident and in a coma and my friend was looking for me and saw my dogs dying of thirst in my house and decided to break a window. I’d buy you a beer when I got home screw the window.  If your generally concerned, try reaching out to family on Facebook, and morally breaking into the house is the right thing to do. And maybe your friend is inside the house dead...it happens. Call the police to do a welfare check ASAP. It’s 10x faster than the warrant approach.  you could get in trouble for breaking into someones house without a warrant and taking their dogs, unless you can provide evidence that the dogs were slowly dying from having no food/water then police may look the other way as you were rescuing them. but don't just break into the house and take the dogs