 I wasn’t exactly sure if this qualifies as a housing issue or not as it’s not the actual landlord but an employee. We had a cockroach issue and told the property manager who then notified us of when the treatment would take place. We get a message saying “cockroach and bedbug” extermination date and a paper describing what needed to be done to prepare. (Less than 24hour notice) Now so we follow the rules on the paper to prepare for our cockroach treatment and are all ready morning of. My boyfriend went to drop me off at school being out of the apartment for a total of maybe 20 minutes and returns to the apartment finding our clothes from our dresser in bags and well as the sheets and sex toys removed from the bed and also in a bag. And proceeded to get yelled at by the property manager for not being prepared for the bedbug prevention treatment. We followed all the instructions thy gave us. They only mentioned bedbugs the once on the paper and we assumed it was a general paper given as a notice. The instructions were a separate sheet entirely and we did everything asked which only related to the kitchen. Did she have any right going into our drawers? Would a property manager ever have a right to touch our personal belongings? What can and should I do about this legally? And is this enough to break a lease? This is not the first time they have done something sketchy.  We don’t have bedbugs though My understanding is that they gave you instructions, you followed them, and then they tampered with your property as part of the bedbug extermination. Just a question: If this step had been mentioned in the instructions, and you had inadvertently overlooked bagging up your clothes, would you have been angry? The reason I'm asking is not to blame you or criticize you. It's the nature of bedbug infestations. Any spray chemicals or things like non-toxic DTE are going to be completely ineffective at killing bugs that are nestled into the seams and other crevices in clothing, bedsheets, pyjamas, bathrobes, towels, purses, backpacks, tote bags, you name it. The expense of spraying for bedbugs is just money tossed down a hole if there are clothes or other things that they can hide in that haven't been dealt with separately. At a minimum, you probably should have been told to remove all your clothing and other stuff , put it in air-tight bags and take all of it to a laundromat. Then run it through a dryer for 1/2 hr to 45 minutes (or less depending on heat -- at 80c bugs and eggs should die instantly). That way, the spray job will be more effective, can be done while the clothes are protected from the spray, and the (bug free) clothes can be brought back into the home. Check out /r/bedbugs for tips, etc. Having an exterminator spraying is nowhere near enough to completely fight off a full-on infestation. And the sprays are becoming increasingly ineffective. As it is now, a spray that doesn't kill 90% or more during the first application probably only makes them stronger. My wife and I had a heat treatment done. It was expensive and a pain in the butt to prepare for, but that was --it--. Zero bugs, not even strays or stragglers. That was after we were finding hundreds of them everywhere we looked. Any advice on what to do? Should I tell them it upset me? Should I just go straight to the management company? They should have contacted you personally to remove your stuff. It’s, at minimum, invasion of privacy and I’d bet you have legal recourse!