 Hey r/legaladvice, I want to get into the drop shipping industry and I was wondering if it is legal to sell lookalike apple products. Maybe even naming the store "ThriftApple" or something along those lines. Would this be legal? Also, If this does anything, I will make sure that buyers know that these ARENT apple products, just cheaper versions. Thanks The way that trademarks work really depends on the product you are selling. So if you were selling fruits and vegetables, having apple in your name is perfectly fine. The issue here is that you are clearly selling Apple product knock-offs and using the Apple trademark name to advertise your company. It would take any Apple lawyer about 5 minutes to draft up a civil damages claim here. You aren't even close to being sneaky about this and anyone would see thru your "scheme". Lots of people do stuff like this and if you stay really small, you might be able to get away with it. Or if you are in a country that doesn't really respect trademarks coughchinacough. But eventually, they'll take notice of you and that's when you get squashed and get your life destroyed. Seriously, Apple has spent billions of dollars building their brand. They don't take lightly to people benefiting of their work and they love to make examples of people like you. I get that you are trying to brainstorm here, but Apple will fuck your shit up. Imagine losing a multiple million dollar lawsuit and them being able to take all of your assets, saving and garnish your wage for the rest of your life. This is a REALLY REALLY bad idea.  You have a point, what if I just call the website name.. something with Apple in it but don't mention anything that has to do with apple because after all an Apple is just a fruit XD. sorry just doing some brainstorming The test for this is pretty simple. Are you using an established businesses name to promote your own business? Are you doing this without their consent? If the answer is yes, you are... "mega fucked" I think it the term we use. You can't use the success of another company's name to benefit yours. The bigger issue is that you are looking into taking on Apple, one of the largest companies in the world and they don't take trademark infringement lightly. At best, you'll make a little money and get out before they notice you. At worse, Apple will notice, they will sue you for millions of dollars in lost sales that they'll be able to prove because they pay hundreds of millions of dollars in legal retainers to squash cases like this. You'll then have to decide whether you want to get your own lawyer, which will cost you all your money, or face losing a judgement and any money that you have, essentially bankrupting you. And I'm not even exaggerated here. Don't fuck with these big companies. They will squash you and make an example of you. They can't afford small start-up getting away with this stuff.  If the products are infringing on intellectual property and trademarks, then yes