 My immigrant senior parent (a US citizen, but with limited English reading/speaking ability) is stuck in a contract with a local security system company with abysmal customer service and whose equipment is consistently faulty (no matter how many technicians come out to “fix” it), causing frequent false alarms which trigger the local police to visit. She currently has a $400 bill from the local police for false alarm visits during her time out of the country over the holidays. Fed up with the security system (which she inherited from the former owners of her current house over two decades ago), she called the company to cancel her service but learned that she’s in a 10 year contract - active for another six years. The fine print of her contract states that cancelation must occur in writing at least 30 before the automatic renewal date, otherwise she’s obligated to pay 80% of the remaining balance, which is close to $5,000 right now. She’s also under an exclusivity clause, with 100% of the remaining balance due within 30 days if she violates. So, she’s stuck with a faulty security system, from some awful local company, for another six years, or must pay $5,000 outright. What recourse does she have? Thanks. She signed a new contract shortly after buying the house (her first house, in her own name). All the equipment was installed already (by the previous owner) so it must’ve seemed convenient to just sign, and obviously she didn’t read the fine print carefully enough. We had to get the company to send us a copy of the agreement recently, because she couldn’t remember whether she’d signed anything at all. But, her signature is indeed there. She could just stop paying. The company would then have to sue her to get the money. At which point, she or her lawyer could go into court and argue to the judge that this contract should not be enforced because a 10 year automatic renewal term is ridiculous and she didn't understand what she was signing. That argument may or may not prevail it would be up to the judge. She could also file a complaint with the local consumer affairs board about it. These auto renewal terms are rather controversial. %20Survey%20Automatic%20Renewal%20Laws.pdf You said she "inherited" a security system two decades ago. Did she sign a contract with them? Her limited English ability is probably not relevant. This is enough money that it would be worthwhile to pay for an hour or two of a lawyers time (preferably a bilingual one) to help figure out how to deal with this.