 Girlfriend and I were in a real bad accident in March 2018, car was totalled, we both had some injuries, herniated discs and such. I was driving and was insured, we were rear ended, they were also insured but with a shitty mom and pop company. We're just getting to our settlement and we are kinda disappointed in the amount. After hospital costs and lawyer fees my girlfriend and I are walking out with 8 and 6 thousand dollars respectively. She couldnt work for 6 months because of it and later lost her job completely as she was no longer able to perform her duties. Lawyer explained to us that insurance companies have a maximum amount they can pay out and that he reached it and it was something like 40k. I figure it's too late to change anything, but does this sound right or do we just have a shit lawyer? This is in Texas if that makes a difference Thanks will do! I think you're right though, I dont think we had it I don’t know about TX, but PIP is personal injury protection. UM is uninsured/underinsured motorist coverage. If you didn’t have PIP, it’s unlikely that you had UM, but ask your lawyer, that’s why you have one.  Is UM like PIP? I know I didn't have PIP and they told me that would mean we get less If the other driver had a 20/40k Bodily Injury policy and you did not have UM, this sounds accurate.  You are always allowed to turn down a settlement award and ask for more. The issue here is that right now, you are dealing with your insurance company and theirs. As you said, their insurance company is only willing to pay out $40,000, then they have no more liability for the accident. Any additional costs would be on the driver. I'm assuming that your lawyer has done some quick math and determined that the likelihood of winning a civil case against the driver times the amount your likely to receive is far less than the likelihood of you losing and then additional lawyers fees on top of that. You might want to post over to r/insurance. There are certain policies that offer "under-insured drivers" so that if you get into an accident and the other party doesn't have enough insurance, you are covered thru yours. I'm not sure if you have this as I don't have your policy. 