 Hey there! Apologies ahead of time at how lengthy this is, however I feel the details are important. My previous roommate and I moved in with our significant others in the middle of our past lease and chose to look for someone to completely take over our lease. We found two girls who did, and everything went fairly smooth. The only issue that was raised was the security deposit. My roommate and I both initially paid $1,065.00 a person, a total of $2,130.00, as the security deposit under the stipulations that we would get it back in full once the lease was up (deducting fees if there were damages to the apartment). Standard stuff. However, when these girls took over our lease the apartment complex claimed that once the original lease holders (myself and my old roommate) signed over the lease to the new lease holders (two new girls) they would continue on with the responsibilities. This meant that we forfeited any debts or allowances to the new tenants. While that’s frustrating in itself, the new girls agreed to return the original security deposit, that we paid, back to us once they vacated the apartment, whenever that may be. One of the girls even drafted up an agreement and sent it to us to make sure everything looked okay and if we all agreed to it, which we did. They were to then sign it, get it notarized and email it over to us. However, now these two girls are saying that they will not be signing it or getting it notarized because they will be keeping the deposit money for themselves once the lease is up. I guess my question is if we have a legal stance to get that money back once their lease is up since we had a verbal agreement in place that they then broke? I have all the text messages stating all this and also a copy of the document she sent that was to get notarized. Any advice is much appreciated, thank you in advance! The girls should have reimbursed you for the security deposit when they moved in. As it stands, they have no incentive to take care of the place, since you have paid the repair bill. We are perfectly fine with going that route, we just wanted to make sure we had a legal stance to do so! Apparently that stipulation was apart of our original lease, and we’ve requested a copy of it to double check. You can sue for it in small claims court. The filing fee varies by county, but around $50. It's also sounds problematic that the landlord transferred your deposit to people who didn't pay it.