 I currently work as a contracts administrator for a consultancy company and don’t have a law degree. I review contracts and suggest changes to the indemnity clause, insurance clauses, add a liability cap etc. Within the company are senior lawyers I can ask for help if I have tricky contracts. I am wanting to do contract reviews on the side for a friend’s company (only 3 employees), but am nervous that I wouldn’t be able to legally do this work if I am not working under a qualified solicitor. What is the best way to go about this without crossing over to ‘providing legal advice’. It's a bit more grey if you are their employee. I interpreted your question as though you were going to be acting as a contractor providing advice/commentary on a case by case basis. As long as you don't hold yourself out as being a solicitor to them, and you are an employee, you might be ok. It's not a question I've looked into too closely. The rule in question is s14 of the Legal Profession Act NSW, which prohibits "engaging in legal practice" without being a practitioner. The definition of "engage in legal practice" is very vague in the Act - one of the tricks draftspersons use so that they can basically decide on a case by case basis, or leave it to the Court to works out. There's a very helpful fact sheet published by the NSW law society that might help you - see www.lawsociety.com.au/sites/default/2018-03/unqualified.pdf. Thankyou that is very helpful. I had a feeling that I would need a solicitor to report to. If I were hired as an employee would I have the same liability as an individual as if I were a consultant to the company? I am a solicitor in NSW, and you definitely shouldn't do that work for your mate. It is essential that the buck stops with a Solicitor who holds an unrestricted practising certificate. There is a very good reason why it is illegal to practise law without a practising certificate, and it is called "Professional Indemnity Insurance". If you miss something in one of those contracts, and your mate ends up losing out on a lot of money, then someone is going to come looking for it. It could be your mate, or someone else. For example, f your mates business folds because of your mistake, his creditors or a trustee in bankruptcy might sue you to recover damages in his name for the benefit of his creditors. The issue isn't so much that you might get in trouble for acting without a practising certificate. It's that lawyers are sticking their neck out every time they provide legal advice, and have the legal knowledge, industry regulation, and legal framework in place to ensure that they are minimising their risk.  The company I’m talking about is three employees, so I don’t think they know. Just a few contractors. Certainly no hr department. Thanks anyway.  I know nothing about Australian law. As a union member in the USA, I know that in most industrial countries, the burden lays on the employer to make policies that align with the law. If an employee follows company policy and is breaking the law, the company is to blame, the employee is safe. If the employee breaks policy, and the law when doing so, the company is still responsible, but the employee can be terminated. I think that this would be how it works anywhere. So I would again point you to your company management. As far as your concerned, it doesn’t matter what the law is, you need to follow the company policy. Like me, you’re not an attorney, and it’s not reasonable to expect you to know what an attorney would. If your company policy is wrong, you’re still right.  I’m in Australia. It is a legal question because it is illegal to practice law without a law degree, but there are excepts such as if you are acting under the supervision of a lawyer or if you are providing “information” rather than “advice”. Contracts administrator roles are often done by non-lawyers, so I want to know what the limitations are. For example, would an external lawyer you can call on for difficult questions be sufficient or is it crucial the company has a lawyer who is ultimately responsible? And what about if an employee does contract reviews in their capacity as PM - is that different? Not a lawyer, but as a layperson, it seems that there should be company guidelines in place for just that purpose. If you’re put in a position where you don’t know what to say and expected to talk to people, How could you be held accountable otherwise? The persons to ask about this is your HR, not Reddit. Even the best “solicitors” here (guessing your British) can only advise you on the law. Your company should have guidelines that go beyond the legal requirements to protect the integrity of its reputation. 