 Hi. I am an international student living in Atlanta. I recently went through the hiring process with a leading tech company. The interviews went very well and they extended a job offer to me. I even had a call with a senior recruiter last Monday regarding compensation and start date. He then informed me that I should get my offer letter in a couple of days. I waited all of last week and didn’t hear back from them. I finally got a call today and the recruiter told me that they had extended the offer to me by mistake and that they ended up filling the position internally. He didn’t give me any reason and said that the most that he can do is try to connect me to other managers and teams that are looking for someone with my skills. Although I have no way to prove it I feel they decided to play act this whole thing since I am an international student and would require visa sponsorship. What are my legal options? What can I do in this case? Is it even worth going down a legal route? When you say "recruiter", do you mean a third-party recruiter, or an employee of the company? It's hard to imagine that an in-house recruiter for a large tech firm wouldn't know how such things work. That said, even if they did find out only after the fact and then decided not to hire you because of that, I still don't see what incentive they have to string you along; at most they're telling you a white like to cover up their incompetence. At any rate, I don't think you have a case of any form. Move on and keep looking. There is a reason the offer is formalized with an offer letter. You never received such a letter by your own admission. You can't force the to hire you.  I got an email that confirmed that I got the job. I also had a phone call that stated the same.   If you never got an offer letter than why would you have recourse?  Yes they did in that I mentioned it in my application process as part of the standard procedure. But when I had a call with the recruiter last Monday he didn’t know how the H1B visa process works. When I explained it to him he commented that he will talk to his colleagues in the technical teams. (I was being hired for a non technical/ STEM role and H1B approval process can be challenging in such case). Thus I feel when he realised what the visa process meant he decided to play this card.   I don't understand. What do you think their motivation is? Presumably they knew from the start that you would require visa sponsorship. It’s an unethical thing to do but the company didn’t do anything legally wrong. There’s nothing to pursue. Washington is at “at will” state, meaning you can be terminated for any reason at any time, except if it’s discrimination.  You can’t do anything. They are free to hire someone else.  Lots of people go through the exact same thing you have gone through, and there is little to no recourse available to them, or you. You cannot force them to employ you, and you're not describing a situation where you up and moved across the country incurring significant expense under the guise of a job at your destination, so your damages are effectively zero and your recourse is to keep searching for jobs. They're offering to pass your resume to other departments in the business, which is more than they're legally obligated to do.