 My brother committed suicide last month. After a long and frantic search, he was ultimately discovered just outside of town in his car by local police. The officers on scene had it towed without first collecting his personal effects, including his cell phone. Is this standard procedure for suicide investigations? It feels wildly negligent to have left us in the dark for so many weeks. The original officer on his case is “no longer with the agency” but I’m including an excerpt from an email received by my parents tonight by a different detective. Additionally, his car was considered totaled, so we’re not sure where it is, and praying the towing company retained his cell phone and is indeed keeping it somewhere. We’ll find out tomorrow. From the police department: Mr. and Mrs. [redacted] unfortunately Officer [redacted] is no longer with this agency and his e-mails have been forwarded to me. I am looking into the matter of your son’s property by speaking the deputies who were with your son’s car. I see that the vehicle was inventoried and his cell phone and some other items were in the car but they were not confiscated or placed into evidence therefore I believe they may have remained with the car which was towed by [redacted] Towing. I am sure that you should be able to recover the items by calling them and making the arrangements; however, please allow me time to speak with the deputy to clarify this assumption. If you would prefer to e-mail me your telephone number I would be happy to give you a call as soon as I get any information. If you have any other questions please do not hesitate to ask. Is it negligent to not retain a cell phone found at a (potential) crime scene? We’re not doubting that he committed suicide, but AFAIK, it can’t officially be ruled a suicide until they have the coroner’s report. This is in South Dakota. Please advise? Police did nothing wrong (which is something I almost never say). Absolutely, 100%, no-doubt-about-it there's nothing here, dude. Nothing. Really sorry about your brother. Thank you. No this is not an issue. It can be immediately clear that someone has killed themselves, and that might have been the case. If that's what happened, there's a good chance his manner of death was officially determined same or next day, and it appears the cell phone was not necessary to make that determination. Many of his personal effects would have stayed with the vehicle, and a cell phone, particularly one in the car and not on his person likely would as well. 