 California I've lived in my apartment for 2 years now, and since the first day in I've had a huge number of problems. I listed all of this on the original move in condition report and have made complaints about all things multiple times with none of it being fixed. Since the day I've moved in I've had a broken refrigerator (it leaks a large amount of water randomly and floods the entire inside of the fridge and I have slipped and actually damaged a tendon in my arm because of this), a cockroach infestation, a broken front door that doesn't lock/close properly, black mold under the fridge/oven, kitchen sink/garbage disposal doesn't work/drain, bathroom sink that doesn't drain, electric popping in one specific socket, electric fuses always shut off randomly, my oven takes a few hours to heat up, and the AC in my wall has half inch gaps on each side that go straight to outside and let all heat out or let additional cockroaches in. They have only sent a person out a few times to fix things when I first moved in and he never actually fixed anything other than my bathroom sink and putting tape on the spot that leaked water in my fridge. I've sent hundreds of complaints through their online forms about all of this. 2 months ago i served them a letter saying if they don't fix all of the things I was going to withhold rent and take them to court. I started withholding rent and they served me a 3 day notice, I ended up paying it and going back and getting legal advice from a place in town. I try again this month doing exactly what the legal office in town told me, wrote another letter stating everything again and said I was going to withhold rent. This time they gave me a court summons sueing me for rent and eviction. To begin with, they didn't give me the summons personally, the guy came up to my older brother who was house sitting for me and handed him the papers without saying a word and walked away. In the summons, it says they served a 3 day notice by "personality handing a copy to defendant on date", they never personally served this and I found the notice on the ground outside of my house on a date over a week after the date they put in the summons, along with a proof of service stating the same thing. Now on the summons it says I have 5 days to reply to the court, the date it was served to my brother was the 24th but on the papers they gave him it says the 22nd. What should I do?  You are definitely right, my landlord is a young girl that is a tweaker that inherited the company from her mom that died and ever since she came in it's been terrible. Everyone that works for the place now is also on drugs so it's not being run well. They never contacted me with anything in regards as to raising rent but, but it states that the rent is now increased, which seems specifically because I held out so they want to now say they gave me a rent increase. It was a pay rent or quit.  I'm sure your landlord is typical of the not-too-bright-but-still-a-huge-asshole variety of landlord. Including anything on the "pay rent or quit" notice that isn't rent as indicated by the lease itself or a properly-noticed rent increase is an insta-fail for the eviction lawsuit. A properly-noticed rent increase is only valid if you're not on a fixed-term lease, because the monthly rent is locked in for the duration. A properly noticed rent increase must be given at least 30 days in advance of the first date the increased rent will be due. It must either be delivered in person, hand-to-hand, to a resident of the apartment of 18 years age or older -- OR -- it must be sent via certified mail. Personal service of the increase is usually indicated by a signed affidavit by the person claiming to have given personal service. All of that means that generally, the landlord is the one who has to prove what the monthly rent was -- either by showing the lease plus lease addenda signed by the tenant, or by showing that notice of the increase was lawfully given. Failure to prove that should be instantly fatal to the eviction lawsuit. If he put the higher rent value on the 3-day notice, and can't substantiate the increased rate, the 3-day notice is facially defective and cannot sustain the lawsuit. The judge should spot that him/herself and dismiss immediately if the landlord can't give a cogent explanation. So it's back to the notice that preceded the summons and complaint -- was it a "three day notice to pay rent or quit"? If so, did it in any way overstate the rent owed, by including an unsubstantiated rent increase or by including any money that was not rent? If it was not a pay-or-quit, but was a curable condition, did it state the condition and how it can be cured? If it was an unconditional three-day notice to quit, what was the justification given? The 3-day quit notice has to be something that indicates the relationship cannot be cured (committing a crime against landlord or tenant on the property, discharging a firearm while on the property, multiple continuous breaches of the lease including late rent payment, evidence of you doing wanton and intentional damage to the property, etc.) Also note that you can find the UD-105 for your specific county usually on the county court's website. You can put some time into filling it out before going to court to file it -- at which point it's just handing it over, asking for it to be filed to the indicated case number, and paying the fee. Not sure if you know anything about this but, in the summons in one of their exhibits that shows the rent that is unpaid and the late fee, the rent is raised by $55 and they claimed they gave me a notice that they were raising rent, but they never did. How should I go about that? Cash is fine. As I mentioned, tomorrow is probably better than THursday. If the guy is a scumbag, he'll probalby be there on Wednesday asking the clerk to enter a default since it's been 5 days since the 22n and so the defendant is in default. You would probably be able to sort that out, but it would be extra steps and filing a petition directly with the court for a hearing on putting aside the default judgment etc. That all should be legit, but it's easier (IMO) to eliminate that hassle if you can. The 22/24 dates refer to the dates on the summons. My older brother was served the papers on the 24th, but it says it was served on the 22nd I believe. My landlord is quite terrible and is known in the area as a slum Lord who doesn't care about their properties or tenants. 3 people in my complex sell heroin out in the open, 1 smokes meth constantly outside, and another dude is a pedophile that masturbates in his window all the time. None of these people have gotten kicked out since I've lived here and tons of complaints have been filed by tenants. Also, I have the rent money in cash, is cash sufficient or should it be in a bank account? If the 22d or 24th refers to the date the 3-day notice was served AND you have not received the official summons and complaint yet, then you have 5 business days (don't count sat, sun or holidays) from the date you receive the summons to file an answer. If the 22/24 confusion is about the day you received the actual summons, then I would strongly recommending getting your butt down to the courtroom listed on those documents, get a copy of form UD-105, fill it out and file it. Either pay the fee or fill out the fee waiver paperwork. The fee is typically $220 to $250ish. If you're turned down for the waiver, you'll still have a chance to pay the fee. There should be a section on the UD105 that asks about retaliation. Pay close attention to what you put there, if your primary defense is going to be based on withholding of rent for legitimate reasons. Court clerks are not supposed to help you fill out the form, but if you look like you're overwhelmed and you've been nice and polite to them (even if they were assholes to you), you might score a hint or suggestion. Don't be afraid to ask, at least. At the hearing, bring any documentation you have, including canceled checks or money order receipts. Also bring copies of the notice(s) you sent. Ideally, you sent them via certified or registered mail, and have the certificate stub with you. That stub will establish by presumption that you did in fact notify the landlord. Even if the landlord refused to sign for it. For super extra fun karma, anytime you withhold rent for any reason you should open up a separate bank account and keep all the unpaid rent in it. If you did that, bring a current (like that same day) printout of the balance sheet for that day showing the balance. This works to defend against claims that you just wanted to stay there rent free. I hope that on the date of the hearing you at least have enough money to write a check for whatever the full balance owing on rent is -- in case the judge decides you improperly withheld rent. This is a very rare occurrence, but if the judge finds such bad faith on part of the landlord as to require more than a nominal punishment, and if the court finds that the eviction suit was retaliatory in nature, the judge can order the landlord to refrain from any further attempts to evict you for up to 180 days. The court would make an exception for wanton and intentional property damage, but things like "not paying rent" would be insufficient grounds for a further attempt to evict until the 180 days is up. You'd still eventually be on the hook to pay the 180 days worth of rent, but the landlord would have to sue you for it after the 180 days. Like I said, it's pretty rare and only if your LL is a horrible shitstain cockroach-munching waste of biomass.