 TL;DR: FL hotel's ac unit had electrical fire in our room early Saturday morning. Entire situation handled very poorly and I plan on leaving accurate but negative reviews regarding the experience anywhere I can. Are there any FL specific laws or regulations I need to be aware of to prevent any possible legal retaliation on their part since the GM got mad at ME over pursuing a full comp of that night? This may be dumb overall, but I appreciate any input regardless. I stayed at a non-chain, locally owned inn/"hotel" in a central sunny city, the inn being named after such, for retirees just outside Tampa, FL this past weekend, from Fri-Sun. Our ac unit experienced a small electrical fire in the early morning on Saturday 1/26, necessitating our move to another room, causing our belongings to smell like the burning plastic/smoke, and I experienced soreness in my throat and nasal passages the rest of the night basically. Management was obviously alerted to the fire given they switched our room, but they never called 911 or reported the incident to have things checked or ensuring there wasn't further concern. Since it seemed self-contained and also just due to having been woken from a dead sleep by the noise (oh btw our smoke alarm never activated!), I didn't call myself either, but honestly I just fully expected that they would have. Long story short, the handling of this incident was horrible. I spoke with the GM the next morning, with my brother present as a witness, and stated that I expected given the safety concern and inconvenience that I felt it warranted the first night being comped. He agreed, and said to see him upon checkout to take care of it (spoiler: he was not there when we checked out), and when I called today it was a ridiculous, upsetting ordeal to get him to follow through with this agreement, but in the end he did. All this to say, I plan on leaving a slew of reviews of my experience on every site I can. I have also put in a call to the county fire marshal to report the incident. My legal question pertains to leaving the reviews: I know I need to stick to the facts, make it clear what is my opinion and not make false claims, etc. But are there any specific laws or regulations to this effect I need to be aware of, in FL, since that is where they are located/he would be making any retaliatory claims from once the reviews are up? The GM got angry at ME during the course of today's conversation and told me never to stay there again (no problem), so when/if these are seen, I just want to preempt any legal threats, etc. they may direct at me. 