 I used eight sick days over the course of four months. My new GM became agitated when I came to work with the flu after I was on a scheduled vacation. I am a supervisor where I work. She wanted me to cashier because she felt I was too sick to work my department. I told her if I was too sick to do my job, I would take a sick day. She told me if I took a sick day, she would have to reprimand me for my tardies from the last few months. I went home, took Nyquil, and passed out. I had a write up the following day for excessive sick time usage. My write up does list the exact dates I used sick time, along with a list of tardies from the past four months. What do I do with this information? [Here]() is the full text of the initiative you mentioned. The first section on page one identifies the RCWs (revised code of Washington) that are amended by the new law, this is what you should be bringing to HR's attention, not the initiative that brought the changes about. Sections (3) and (4) at the bottom of page 6 apply to your situation, but to be extra helpful you'll want to identify the applicable WACs (Washington administrative codes) from the RCW if your HR department is claiming ignorance of the law. My quick reading of what I posted a link to does not indicate that these provisions are phased in like the minimum wage. Caveats: NAL and haven't lived in WA for several years Sounds like the GM isn't happy about that part, and might want to find a way to let OP go. No, it's definitely sick leave. I just never used it until the past four months. I have 8 hours of general leave, 40 hours of vacation, and 60 sick time. I talked to HR today and they told me they were not aware of what Int. 1433 is (the law that doesn't allow me to be punished for using sick time).  60 hours of sick leave? Because the law states it must be sick leave, not general or vacation. If you used anything other than sick leave you can be written up. The law states your employer must offer 4 hours of sick leave a month. IANAL, I live in WA and was written up a few weeks ago for using 15 minutes of general leave since I was out of sick leave. When this happened I contacted my HR department and they explained the law to me.  Did you confirm that? AFAIK every new year employers in WA are only required to roll over 40 of the hours you have accrued. The rest go away if you don’t use them- unless your employer did in fact roll over all of them.  In Seattle, contact the [Office of Civil Rights ](). Seattle has additional worker sick leave protections on top of the state level protections, so if you live there that’s your best best. Im not sure if other municipalities have similar offices, I only know Seattle. At the state level you can contact the [Department of Labor and Industries]() Try HR. Keep in mind that they are looking out for the company first, and document as much as possible. You can also contact WA's Labor Industries Department. That does tend to mean your long-term prospects at a company are limited though, so it's more of a last resort or if you plan to leave anyway No, I still have 60 hours left.   That's a brief mention of a legitimate infraction. Why are you late to work?  Did you use more leave than you had accrued?