 Just got my license this year, and I've been always driving worried sick that I'm doing something wrong. From traffic lights to U-turns and so on... I was driving down the road in a two lane streer approaching the stopped bus. My judgement was clouded and I was confused as to what to do. I slowed down to a crawl and the bus driver honked at me, so I went for a full stop, beyond the stop bar. I realized my mistake and waited until the bars retracted and the driver signaled for me to keep driving. While I know I'm in the wrong and have kept track of my mistake, I want to know if this will affect me and to what degree. I drive mainly to commute to college and I plan to get a job in a place where I've no choice but to drive there, so I really couldn't afford to not be able to drive. Anxiety and guilt is understandable, but probably beyond the scope of this sub. I'm not a lawyers or a Floridian but it seems unlikely to me that anything is going to happen. My concern is that either it was recorded by someone or something, that an officer doesn't have to be present for a violation to be prosecuted, and that I also get a strong feeling of anxiety and guilt after knowing I have done something wrong. Your post has been removed for the following reason(s): Generally Unhelpful, Simplistic, Anecdotal, or Off-Topic Your comment has been removed as it is generally unhelpful, simplistic to the point of useless, anecdotal, or off-topic. It either does not answer the legal question at hand, is a repeat of an answer already provided, or is so lacking in nuance as to be unhelpful. Please review the following rules before commenting further: [Commenting Rules 1](), [2](), [3](), [4](), [6](), [8](), and [9](). Please [read our subreddit rules](). If after doing so, you believe this was in error, or you’ve edited your post to comply with the rules, [message the moderators](=%2Fr%2FLegalAdvice). Do not reach out to a moderator personally, and do not reply to this message as a comment. Then I don't understand what your concern is? No I didn't Did you actually get a ticket? If you don't know what to do stop driving im not sorry but others people lives are more important then your ignorance. Worst that could happen is a mother and gather loses their kid. Don’t stress over it. Worst that will happen for a first offense is a $100 fine in FL. If you do it again or if you did it on the side that kids enter or exit from you will have your license suspended If the big “stop” sign on the side of the bus wasn’t clear, it doesn’t seem like you need to be driving