 Hey everybody, Last week I was driving home from work in the middle of a winter weather advisory in Michigan when the car In front of me abruptly stopped for a yellow light. My 20 year old Chevy S-10 was unable to stop in the slush and ice, so I tried to maneuver to the left of the car in front of me, but ultimately side swiped them leaving only a small scratch (about an inch). They immediately called the cops, even though the driver was not carrying her drivers license on her. The police officer gave me a ticket for “failure to stop”, and she explained she gave it to me because the storm was so bad and her captain was pressing them to give out tickets. She didn’t give the other driver a ticket for driving without a license. So now I’m $180 in the hole, not even taking into account my inevitable rising insurance rates and fixing my own vechicle. Is there any way I can fight this ticket or get it reduced? Failure to stop seems unfair given the road conditions and the fact that I was going literally 5mph proves that I wasn’t driving recklessly. TLDR; I side swiped a car due to the roads being icey and slushy, cop gave me a ticket for “failure to stop” without giving a ticket to the other driver for driving without a license. Any way out of paying the fine? If it was really icy, then almost any speed is too fast IMO. Ice is Ice and has very low friction. I think you have a chance by reaching out to the prosecutor and just kindly telling you side of the story and what the policeman told you. If it was rain or chunky snow then its drive-able if you drive slow. But if the roads are solid ice then I dont want to be on the roads doing any speed. If you were going down an incline even more so. The question may be: why was the other car able to stop and you were not able to stop ?  -10 was unable to stop in the slush and ice Which means that you were driving too fast for conditions. Regardless of the weather, it is your responsibility to leave enough room between you and the car in front of you to be able to stop safely. If that means you need a full mile, then you need to be a full mile back. So you really don't have a defense for the ticket. You failed to stop. At best, they could change the ticket to driving too fast for conditions. I'm not sure if that's a bigger ticket or a smaller one in Michigan. As far as her not getting a ticket, that's really got nothing to do with you. That's a discretion call on the police officer. They aren't required to hand out tickets for everything and given that she just had her car damaged, due to no fault of her own, I can understand why he'd want to be sympathetic. Sorry to say, but you haven't outlined any viable defense for the ticket or the accident. You did exactly what you were ticketed for. 