 Obvious throwaway. Backstory, I live with boyfriend and his family, and do not want to get in the middle of them to cause problems with my relationship with the family, just looking for advice. Going back a couple months, a car accident was involved when my bf’s father accidentally crashed into the car parked in front of him, eventually pushing it into a metal blockade and messing up the front of the hit vehicle pretty badly. He(dad) owns both vehicles, and this was a decently expensive accident, and having a disability means that he has no extra money to pay for the repairs. Last night he decided to claim to his insurance agency that his son(my bf) took a trip over to a local grocery store where it was hit without my boyfriend noticing. The insurance company called the police to file a report. The police basically didn’t see how a car with very little damage in the rear of the vehicle could have been pushed to cause that much damage to the front. His dads story was that we don’t know what happened, so that’s all that was possible. My bf was asked to speak to the police officer, and did so over the phone. The cop called the bluff, and my bf switched the story that he recklessly left the parking lot and hit a large trash can. Today, he met with the police(against what i said to do) alone where the officer said he would sign papers and be able to leave. The officer interviewed him where he doubled down on his lie, for his fathers sake in his eyes, and the officer charged him with a class 1 misdemeanor, the violation being code 13-2907.01 False reporting. Obviously we need to contact a lawyer. What else is there that we can do? I believe that we should claim that he was trying to protect his father, especially with the sit down interview, where he felt that he was forced into it. Please help! TL;DR Boyfriend lied to police trying to help his disabled father not get into trouble with the police and is now facing a Class 1 Misdemeanor. Lying to a police officer to help your father commit insurance fraud is not a viable defense to this charge. Unless the father actually threaten physical harm to the point where your bf reasonably feared for his safety and your bf can prove this, then this is a horrible defense strategy. If the father did actually threaten him, the father could be facing many more charges. So I'm not sure he wants to go down that road. Even so, your bf could still be charged. Nothing in your post suggests your bf had a legally valid reason to falsely report a crime. He should speak with a lawyer as soon as possible. Breaking the law with good intentions is still breaking the law. Contact a lawyer, they can tell you how to manage damage control. 