 I live in Kansas and would like some advice. My son (20) was kicked out of our house for a few months last year due to meth use and one evening he came to the house and created some drama. He was clearly tweaked out, not slept in days, and a bit irrational, and his dad and I decided to call the sheriff. At the time, we thought we were doing him a favor, since he had a warrant for failure to appear for a dui, and figured they would take him for a few days and force him to get his legal issue taken care of and maybe scare him straight. That night the deputy had me write a statement about what happened and I wrote a paragraph or so and signed it...but our son took off out the back door when he found out they were coming and they never picked him up. Fast forward eight months, we’ve never heard anything about that night and we’ve let him back home and things are better, he’s not using, we’re all happy and getting along, and a deputy comes to the door to pick up my son on a warrant. We think it’s that darn failure to appear and it’s not until later that we find out the prosecutor has charged our son with felony burglary, assault, threats, etc. from the night we called them and he’s facing many years in prison! I did get shoved in our hallway trying to keep him from taking off and I fell, but they also charged him with domestic rude contact. That’s the ONLY charge that I feel even fits with what happened and I feel they have trumped up a bunch of charges to ruin his life! We’re just not able to pay for him to get an attorney, he’s been unable to bail out based on the high bail they set and his court appointed attorney supposedly can’t talk to me because I am the alleged victim! I called the asst. prosecutor and he told me he would review the charges, but he changed nothing. So can I do anything to help my son? I’m not an abused person trying to get my son off because I love him, I am trying to get justice! Should I recant my statement? I’ve been made to believe that now I have no say and can’t do anything to help because they have made domestic violence laws to prevent abused people from themselves. Is there any hope that my son won’t be a convicted felon for a stupid family drama? Does recanting my statement do anything? Should I write the judge or my governor? File a complaint against the prosecutor? I’m losing sleep and feel like my family is being destroyed by people I’m supposed to trust.  TBH, your son ruined his life. You aren't to blame. Of course they have input. But they dont press charges. The prosecutor can file or not file charges no matter what the victim wishes.  Because the way you presented the original statement it sounds as if the victim has no input whatsoever, which is not the case. I'm not sure why you're posting that to me. I understand that completely. It's the guy I'm talking to who is confused. The district attorney will generally factor in whether the victim would like to pursue charges or not as a significant or even majority part of their decision (depending on circumstances) to actually press charges against an individual or not - that is what he means and what the police meant when speaking to him, indirectly. OP's case on the other hand it's going to be less of a factor because of the presumed DV issue. You seem very confused. I'll repeat myself. You dont press charges. The prosecutor does. I was literally asked by the cop if I wanted to press charges or not. I said yes. I decided I wanted to drop the charges and I was given the opportunity to do so, but the DA still has the last say if they decide they want to pursue charges anyway. This is based on my experience.  Nope. .  That’s what I said.  You dont get to press charges, the prosecutor does.  That's not the cops job. He's a meth head with a warrant for a dui. The assistant prosecutor didn't change anything with the charges because he actually did those things. That's not family drama. Your son broke the law. Several times. I’m in Texas, but I once pressed charges on a family member for breaking into my home and stealing a television. He got picked up and arrested and I got the television back after he pawned it but I was able to drop the charges while he was in jail. He was released soon after. I had to contact the DA handling his case and write a statement. I was told it would depend on the DA if they would still pursue charges but, in my opinion, I would think it’d be hard to prosecute if you don’t testify.  Former Prosecutor. Prosecutors have a lot of cya factor going on in these types of cases. On one side, you are telling them you don't want to prosecute, and on the other side, they are worried that your son is going to hurt you and it will be their fault for letting him go. You need to do everything you can to convince the prosecutor that everything is under control, your son is not dangerous, and that you are not deluding yourself that you are safe. If your son has any kind of a record, this will be harder to do, or the prosecutor will not care. Talk to the lawyer you get. He, /she may be able to help you work around the written statement. To be clear with this plan, though, the prosecutor can absolutely call you to the stand anyway. If you refuse to appear, you can be arrested for contempt. If you appear and lie, you can go to prison for perjury. The prosecutor WILL put your signed statement in your hand and ask you to read it, then ask you why you just contradicted yourself, if you've done so. This isn't to say that all prosecutors WILL throw the book at you for making this phone call, but it's important to understand that you don't have any RIGHT to refuse to testify and if they call you anyway, you're in danger if you do anything other than tell the truth. You're going to need an attorney. No one here can give you advice except to find a local criminal defense attorney that is familiar with your local prosecutors and judges. Research local ones online, go through your state bar's website if needed, call several and explain the situation. Tell them your son is in a much better place and you're limited on what you can pay. Attorneys are people too. Most of them believe in what they're doing and are willing to help. But no one is going to give you a magic card that makes this go away. START CALLING LAWYERS TOMORROW MORNING.  Theres no legals advice they essentially signed a contract and its good to know i broke 9 rules at once. Thats a record. We live in america its called free speach im not reading a list of rules for every subreddit  ! Welcome to modern prosecution in America, where 95% of cases are settled by plea deals for exactly this. I would call the prosecutor's office and tell him that you won't testify against your son, that you've made amends and that charging him is not pursuing justice in this case. IANAL, but if the prosecutor still wants to press the case, let it go to trial. They'll call you to the stand, and you can be honest about how long ago the event was and how foggy your memory was and that you aren't confident in the details at this point. A jury can get a good read on people.  Recanting your (presumably) truthful statements is a good way to get into trouble yourself. Let your son’s PD do their job. Folks, please keep your comments limited to legal information. Your post has been removed for the following reason(s): Generally Unhelpful or Off-Topic Your comment has been removed as it is generally unhelpful or off-topic. It either does not answer the legal question at hand or it is a repeat of an answer already provided Please review the following rules before commenting further: [Commenting Rules 1](), [2](), [3](), [4](), [6](), [8](), and [9](). Please [read our subreddit rules](). If after doing so, you believe this was in error, or you’ve edited your post to comply with the rules, [message the moderators](=%2Fr%2FLegalAdvice). Do not reach out to a moderator personally, and do not reply to this message as a comment.